webnlg generated text : Arem - arem is a food found in Indonesia , where Jusuf Kalla is the leader , Indonesian language is the language spoken and the currency is Indonesian rupiah .
webnlg reference text : Arem - arem @ Jusuf Kalla , where the language is Indonesian language . Indonesia is also where the currency is Indonesian rupiah and Jusuf Kalla is a leader .
webnlg generated text : Arem - arem originates from the country of Indonesia where the currency is Indonesian rupiah and Indonesian language is the language spoken .
webnlg reference text : Arem - arem is a food usually served in Indonesia which has Indonesian rupiah as Indonesia currency and the people speak Indonesian language .
webnlg generated text : Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia , but more specific to Java where Arem - arem is served .
webnlg reference text : Indonesia leader is Jusuf Kalla and although Arem - arem is Nationwide in Indonesia , but more specific to Java .
webnlg generated text : Indonesia , where the language is Indonesian language , is Nationwide in Indonesia , but more specific to Java . Arem - arem is a traditional dish .
webnlg reference text : Arem - arem is nationwide dish in Indonesia where Indonesian language is the spoken language , but originates from Nationwide in Indonesia , but more specific to Java .
webnlg generated text : Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia where the currency is Indonesian rupiah .
webnlg reference text : Indonesia vice - president is Jusuf Kalla and the local currency is Indonesian rupiah .
webnlg generated text : Malaysian Chinese and Malaysian Malay are ethnic groups from Malaysia whose capital is Kuala Lumpur .
webnlg reference text : Malaysian Chinese and Malaysian Malay are ethnic groups in Malaysia where the capital is Kuala Lumpur .
webnlg generated text : Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and originates from Sumatra and Malay Peninsula .
webnlg reference text : Malaysia is also where Asam pedas , which come from the region of Sumatra and Malay Peninsula , is found .
webnlg generated text : Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra and Malay Peninsula , Malaysia .
webnlg reference text : From Sumatra and Malay Peninsula , Asam pedas , is a food found in Malaysia .
webnlg generated text : The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur and two of the ethnic groups are Malaysian Malay and Malaysian Chinese .
webnlg reference text : Malaysia where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and where Malaysian Malay and Malaysian Chinese are two of the ethnic groups .
webnlg generated text : Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra and Malay Peninsula , Malaysia .
webnlg reference text : Asam pedas is from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula regions of Malaysia .
webnlg generated text : The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur and two of the ethnic groups are Malaysian Malay and Malaysian Chinese .
webnlg reference text : Malaysia , with Malaysia capital city of Kuala Lumpur , is the home to both Malaysian Malay and Malaysian Chinese .
webnlg generated text : Malaysian Malay and Malaysian Indian are both ethnic groups in Malaysia , the capital of which is Kuala Lumpur .
webnlg reference text : Malaysian Malay and Malaysian Indian are both ethnic groups in Malaysia , the capital city of which is Kuala Lumpur .
webnlg generated text : Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia .
webnlg reference text : Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia .
webnlg generated text : Asam pedas comes from the region of Sumatra and Malay Peninsula .
webnlg reference text : Asam pedas comes from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula regions .
webnlg generated text : Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , where the capital is Kuala Lumpur , and ethnic groups include Malaysian Malay and Malaysian Indian .
webnlg reference text : Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and ethnic groups include Malaysian Malay and Malaysian Indian .
webnlg generated text : Asam pedas comes from the region of Sumatra and Malay Peninsula .
webnlg reference text : Asam pedas is also found in the regions of Sumatra and Malay Peninsula .
webnlg generated text : Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra and Malay Peninsula of Malaysia , the capital of which is Kuala Lumpur .
webnlg reference text : Asam pedas comes from the region of Sumatra and Malay Peninsula , Malaysia ( capital Kuala Lumpur ) .
webnlg generated text : Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra , Malaysia where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and ethnic groups include Malaysian Malay and Malaysian Indian .
webnlg reference text : Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra in Malaysia , The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur and two of the ethnic group found here are Malaysian Malay and Malaysian Indian .
webnlg generated text : Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra , Malaysia where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and ethnic groups include Malaysian Malay and Malaysian Indian .
webnlg reference text : Asam pedas , a dish from Sumatra , is found in Malaysia , where the capital if Kuala Lumpur and Malaysian Malay is an ethnic group along with Malaysian Indian .
webnlg generated text : Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra and Malaysia .
webnlg reference text : Asam pedas is a dish found in Sumatra and Malaysia .
webnlg generated text : Malaysian Indian and Malaysian Malay are both ethnic groups in Malaysia whose capital is Kuala Lumpur .
webnlg reference text : Malaysian Indian and Malaysian Malay are ethnic groups of Malaysia , where the capital is Kuala Lumpur .
webnlg generated text : Asam pedas is a food found in Malay Peninsula , Malaysia .
webnlg reference text : Asam pedas is a food from the Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia .
webnlg generated text : Abu Zahar Ujang is the leader of Malaysia where Malaysian Malay and Malaysian Indian are ethnic groups .
webnlg reference text : Abu Zahar Ujang is a leader in Malaysia , where there are ethnic groups called Malaysian Malay and Malaysian Indian .
webnlg generated text : Asam pedas is a food found in Malay Peninsula of Malaysia , where Abu Zahar Ujang is the leader , and Malaysian Malay and Malaysian Indian are ethnic groups .
webnlg reference text : Asam pedas is from the Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia , the country where Abu Zahar Ujang is leader and where Malaysian Malay and Malaysian Indian are ethnic groups .
webnlg generated text : Abu Zahar Ujang is the leader of Malaysia where Malaysian Malay and Malaysian Indian are ethnic groups .
webnlg reference text : Malaysia leader is Abu Zahar Ujang and among Malaysia ethnic groups are Malaysian Malay and Malaysian Indian .
webnlg generated text : Bacon Explosion is from Kansas City metropolitan area in United States .
webnlg reference text : Bacon Explosion comes from Kansas City metropolitan area of United States .
webnlg generated text : The main ingredients of Bacon Explosion are Bacon , sausage .
webnlg reference text : Bacon Explosion main ingredients are Bacon , sausage .
webnlg generated text : Bacon Explosion is from Kansas City metropolitan area in United States .
webnlg reference text : Bacon Explosion comes from Kansas City metropolitan area in United States .
webnlg generated text : Bacon Explosion main ingredients are Bacon and Sausage .
webnlg reference text : Bacon Explosion includes Bacon obviously , but also Sausage .
webnlg generated text : Bacon Explosion is from Kansas City metropolitan area in United States .
webnlg reference text : Bacon Explosion originates from Kansas City metropolitan area of United States .
webnlg generated text : Bacon Explosion main ingredients are Bacon and Sausage .
webnlg reference text : Bacon Explosion main ingredients are Bacon and Sausage .
webnlg generated text : Bacon Explosion comes from United States where White Americans are an ethnic group and Paul Ryan is a leader .
webnlg reference text : Bacon Explosion comes from United States where one of the ethnic groups are White Americans and Paul Ryan is a leader .
webnlg generated text : The main ingredients of Bacon sandwich are Bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce and Bacon sandwich can also be known as Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , Bacon sanger , piece n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin .
webnlg reference text : Bacon sandwich uses Bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce , is also known as Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin .
webnlg generated text : Bacon sandwich , also known as Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , Bacon sanger , piece n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin , comes from United Kingdom .
webnlg reference text : Bacon sandwich , also known as : Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin , is from United Kingdom .
webnlg generated text : Bacon sandwich main ingredients are Bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce .
webnlg reference text : Bacon sandwich includes Bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce .
webnlg generated text : Bacon sandwich main ingredients are Bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce .
webnlg reference text : Bacon sandwich includes : Bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce .
webnlg generated text : The country that Bacon sandwich comes from is United Kingdom and Bacon sandwich can also be known as Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , Bacon sanger , piece n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin .
webnlg reference text : Bacon sandwich originates from United Kingdom and goes by the various names : Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin .
webnlg generated text : French language is the national language of France where Manuel Valls and Gérard Larcher are leaders .
webnlg reference text : French language is spoken in France where the leaders are Manuel Valls and Gérard Larcher .
webnlg generated text : Baked Alaska comes from France and is served in Hong Kong .
webnlg reference text : Baked Alaska is from France but Baked Alaska also served in Hong Kong .
webnlg generated text : France , led by Gérard Larcher and Manuel Valls , is the home of Baked Alaska .
webnlg reference text : France , led by Gérard Larcher and Manuel Valls , is the home of Baked Alaska .
webnlg generated text : Baked Alaska comes from the country of France where the national language is French language and the leaders are Gérard Larcher and Manuel Valls .
webnlg reference text : Baked Alaska comes from France where the leaders include Gérard Larcher and Manuel Valls and they speak French language .
webnlg generated text : Baked Alaska is also served in Hong Kong .
webnlg reference text : Baked Alaska is also served in Hong Kong .
webnlg generated text : Bandeja paisa includes Lemon which belongs to the Rutaceae family and the order of Rosids .
webnlg reference text : An ingredient of Bandeja paisa is Lemon which belongs to the Rutaceae family and falls under the order of Rosids .
webnlg generated text : Bandeja paisa comes from Antioquia Department of Colombia .
webnlg reference text : Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department region and Antioquia Department is located in Colombia .
webnlg generated text : Lemon belongs to the Rutaceae family and is of the order Rosids .
webnlg reference text : Lemon is a member of the family Rutaceae and is of the order of Rosids .
webnlg generated text : Lemon is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which comes from Antioquia Department of Colombia .
webnlg reference text : Lemon is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa , which hails from the Antioquia Department region of Colombia .
webnlg generated text : François Hollande and Gérard Larcher are leaders in France where French language is spoken .
webnlg reference text : François Hollande and Gérard Larcher are leaders in France , where the language is French language .
webnlg generated text : Barny Cakes can be found in France and are made with Sponge cake .
webnlg reference text : France is also where Barny Cakes , made with Sponge cake , are from .
webnlg generated text : Barny Cakes , made with Sponge cake , can be found in France where they speak French language and the leaders are François Hollande and Gérard Larcher .
webnlg reference text : Barny Cakes , made from Sponge cake , come from France where French language is the national language and François Hollande and Gérard Larcher are leaders .
webnlg generated text : François Hollande and Gérard Larcher are leaders in France .
webnlg reference text : France is led by François Hollande and Gérard Larcher .
webnlg generated text : Barny Cakes are made with Sponge cake .
webnlg reference text : A national dish is Barny Cakes , which is a type of Sponge cake .
webnlg generated text : Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia , where Batagor comes from .
webnlg reference text : Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia , where Batagor can be found .
webnlg generated text : Batagor , Siomay ( which contains Peanut sauce ) and Shumai are variations of the same dish .
webnlg reference text : Batagor , Siomay ( which contains Peanut sauce ) and Shumai are all variations of the same dish .
webnlg generated text : Batagor , Siomay ( which contains Peanut sauce ) and Shumai are variations of the same dish .
webnlg reference text : Batagor is a variation of Siomay ( which contains Peanut sauce ) and Shumai .
webnlg generated text : Batagor comes from Indonesia where Joko Widodo is the leader .
webnlg reference text : Batagor originates from Indonesia where the leader is Joko Widodo .
webnlg generated text : Batagor is a variation of Shumai and Siomay ( which contains Peanut sauce ) , and comes from Indonesia where Joko Widodo is the leader .
webnlg reference text : Batagor , a variation of Shumai and Siomay ( includes Peanut sauce ) , is found in Joko Widodo led Indonesia .
webnlg generated text : Batagor comes from Indonesia where Joko Widodo is the leader .
webnlg reference text : Batagor is found in Indonesia , where the leader is Joko Widodo .
webnlg generated text : Batagor is a variation of Siomay , which is similar to Shumai ( containing Shiitake ) .
webnlg reference text : Batagor is a variation of Siomay and Shumai ( which contains Shiitake ) .
webnlg generated text : Batagor is a variation of the Siomay dish , which is similar to Shumai .
webnlg reference text : Batagor , Shumai and Siomay are variations of the same dish .
webnlg generated text : Batagor comes from Indonesia where Joko Widodo is the leader .
webnlg reference text : Batagor is found in the country of Indonesia , which leader is Joko Widodo .
webnlg generated text : Batagor comes from the country of Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is a leader .
webnlg reference text : Batagor is found in the country of Indonesia which is led by Jusuf Kalla .
webnlg generated text : Batagor , Shumai ( which contains Shiitake ) and Siomay are variations of the same dish .
webnlg reference text : Shiitake is an ingredient of Shumai which is a variation of Batagor and Siomay .
webnlg generated text : Batagor comes from the country of Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is a leader .
webnlg reference text : Batagor comes from Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the vice - president .
webnlg generated text : Batagor , Siomay and Shumai are variations of the same dish that contains Shiitake .
webnlg reference text : Siomay and Shumai are variations of Batagor and all of them contain Shiitake .
webnlg generated text : Bhajji ( also known as Bhaji , bajji ) comes from the Karnataka region of India and includes Gram flour , vegetables .
webnlg reference text : Bhajji , alternative names : Bhaji , bajji , originate from the Karnataka region of India and contain the main ingredients of Gram flour , vegetables .
webnlg generated text : Bhajji ( also known as Bhaji , bajji ) comes from the Karnataka region of India .
webnlg reference text : Bhajji ( also called Bhaji , bajji ) comes from the Karnataka region of India .
webnlg generated text : Gram flour , vegetables are main ingredients in Bhajji .
webnlg reference text : Bhajji contains Gram flour , vegetables .
webnlg generated text : Bhajji come from the Karnataka region of India .
webnlg reference text : Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India .
webnlg generated text : Gram flour , vegetables are main ingredients in Bhajji , otherwise known as Bhaji , bajji .
webnlg reference text : The main ingredients are Gram flour , vegetables however Bhajji s also known as Bhaji , bajji .
webnlg generated text : Bhajji come from the Karnataka region of India .
webnlg reference text : Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India .
webnlg generated text : India leaders include T. S. Thakur and Vajubhai Vala .
webnlg reference text : India leader is T. S. Thakur and Vajubhai Vala is the leader of Karnataka .
webnlg generated text : Bhajji come from the Karnataka region of India where the residents are known as Indian people and the leaders are T. S. Thakur and Vajubhai Vala .
webnlg reference text : Bhajji , from the region of Karnataka , originates from India where people are referred to as Indian people , the leaders are T. S. Thakur and Vajubhai Vala .
webnlg generated text : Bhajji come from the Karnataka region of India , where Indian people live .
webnlg reference text : Indian people enjoy Bhajji , which originates from the Karnataka region of India .
webnlg generated text : Two leaders of India are T. S. Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan .
webnlg reference text : India is led by T. S. Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan .
webnlg generated text : Bionico is Dessert from the Guadalajara region of Mexico and contains Chopped Fruits , Sour Cream , Condensed Milk , Granola , Shredded Coconut , Raisins .
webnlg reference text : Bionico is Dessert from the Guadalajara region of Mexico and Bionico includes the ingredients Chopped Fruits , Sour Cream , Condensed Milk , Granola , Shredded Coconut , Raisins .
webnlg generated text : Bionico is Dessert from Guadalajara , Mexico that includes Chopped Fruits , Sour Cream , Condensed Milk , Granola , Shredded Coconut , Raisins .
webnlg reference text : Bionico is Dessert from the Guadalajara region of Mexico and Bionico contains the main ingredients Chopped Fruits , Sour Cream , Condensed Milk , Granola , Shredded Coconut , Raisins .
webnlg generated text : Enrique Peña Nieto is the leader of Mexico , where Spanish language is spoken and Bionico , a variation of Honey , is served for Dessert .
webnlg reference text : Enrique Peña Nieto is the leader of Mexico which is where they speak Spanish language and eat Bionico , flavoured with Honey , for Dessert .
webnlg generated text : Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico , where Bionico comes from the Jalisco region .
webnlg reference text : Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico , where Bionico can be found in the Jalisco region .
webnlg generated text : Bionico is Dessert that can include Honey .
webnlg reference text : Bionico is Dessert and Honey is used in one of Bionico variants .
webnlg generated text : Bionico is Dessert containing Honey found in the region of Jalisco , Mexico .
webnlg reference text : Bionico is Dessert often including Honey found in the Jalisco region of Mexico .
webnlg generated text : Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico .
webnlg reference text : The name of the leader in Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo .
webnlg generated text : Bionico is Dessert containing Honey found in the Jalisco region of Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo .
webnlg reference text : Dessert @ Bionico , containg Honey , is from the Jalisco region of Mexico ( led by Silvano Aureoles Conejo ) .
webnlg generated text : Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of Spain where Spaniards are an ethnic group .
webnlg reference text : Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of Spain , whose main ethnic group is Spaniards .
webnlg generated text : Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain , from the Catalonia region , where Carles Puigdemont is the leader .
webnlg reference text : Arròs negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain , whose leader is Carles Puigdemont .
webnlg generated text : Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain , from the Catalonia region , where Carles Puigdemont is the leader .
webnlg reference text : Arròs negre is a Spain dish from the region of Catalonia where Carles Puigdemont is a leader .
webnlg generated text : Spaniards are the ethnic group of Spain and the leader of Spain is Felipe VI of Spain .
webnlg reference text : Spaniards are an ethnic group in Spain and the leader is Felipe VI of Spain .
webnlg generated text : Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region .
webnlg reference text : Spaniards enjoy Arròs negre , which is from Catalonia .
webnlg generated text : The leader of Catalonia is Carles Puigdemont and Spain is Felipe VI of Spain .
webnlg reference text : Led by Carles Puigdemont , Catalonia is a region of Spain ( led by Felipe VI of Spain ) .
webnlg generated text : Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy .
webnlg reference text : Italy is the country Amatriciana sauce comes from .
webnlg generated text : Rome is the capital of Italy , where Italian language is spoken and the leaders include Matteo Renzi and Laura Boldrini .
webnlg reference text : The capital of Italy is Rome , the language spoken is Italian language and the leaders include Matteo Renzi and Laura Boldrini .
webnlg generated text : Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy , where Italian language is spoken , Rome is the capital and the leaders include Matteo Renzi and Laura Boldrini .
webnlg reference text : Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy , where the speak Italian language , the capital is Rome and Italy leaders are Matteo Renzi and Laura Boldrini .
webnlg generated text : Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy , where Italians come from and Rome is the capital .
webnlg reference text : Amatriciana sauce comes from Italy , where Italians come from and Rome is the capital city .
webnlg generated text : Sergio Mattarella and Laura Boldrini are leaders in Italy .
webnlg reference text : Sergio Mattarella and Laura Boldrini are leaders in Italy .
webnlg generated text : Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy whose capital is Rome and whose people are called Italians .
webnlg reference text : Amatriciana sauce from Italy where the capital is Rome and the population are known as Italians .
webnlg generated text : Sergio Mattarella and Laura Boldrini are leaders in Italy .
webnlg reference text : Leaders of Italy include Sergio Mattarella and Laura Boldrini .
webnlg generated text : Matteo Renzi and Pietro Grasso are leaders in Italy where Italian language is spoken .
webnlg reference text : Matteo Renzi and Pietro Grasso are leaders in Italy where Italian language is spoken .
webnlg generated text : Rome is the capital of Italy where Amatriciana sauce can be found .
webnlg reference text : Italy is also where Rome is the capital and where Amatriciana sauce comes from .
webnlg generated text : Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy where Italian language is spoken .
webnlg reference text : Italy is led by Pietro Grasso and the language spoken in Italy is Italian language .
webnlg generated text : Matteo Renzi is a leader from Italy , where the capital is Rome and Amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish .
webnlg reference text : Matteo Renzi is a leader from Italy which has Rome as Italy capital and where you can find Amatriciana sauce .
webnlg generated text : Pietro Grasso and Matteo Renzi are leaders in Italy , where Italian language is spoken , Rome is the capital and Amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish .
webnlg reference text : Pietro Grasso and Matteo Renzi are leaders in Italy , where Italian language is spoken , Rome is the capital and Amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish .
webnlg generated text : The Fried chicken dish Ayam penyet is found nationwide in Java ( home of Javanese people ) and Nationwide , also can be found in Malaysia and Singapore .
webnlg reference text : The Fried chicken dish Ayam penyet is made nationwide in Java ( land of Javanese people ) , and can also be found in Nationwide , also can be found in Malaysia and Singapore .
webnlg generated text : Javanese people are an ethnic group in Java , where Ayam penyet can be found .
webnlg reference text : Javanese people are an ethnic group of Java , where Ayam penyet can be found .
webnlg generated text : Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore , where Tony Tan is a leader and English language is spoken .
webnlg reference text : Ayam penyet is from Singapore , where Tony Tan is the leader and English language is spoken .
webnlg generated text : English language speaking Singapore , led by Tony Tan , is the home of Ayam penyet .
webnlg reference text : In Singapore , one of the spoken languages is English language , a leader is Tony Tan and Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore .
webnlg generated text : Ayam penyet is a food found in Java where Javanese people are an ethnic group .
webnlg reference text : Ayam penyet is also found in Java where an ethnic group is Javanese people .
webnlg generated text : Among the languages used in Philippines are Arabic and Philippine Spanish .
webnlg reference text : Among the languages spoken in Philippines are Arabic and Philippine Spanish .
webnlg generated text : Zamboangans and Chinese Filipino are both ethnic groups in Philippines .
webnlg reference text : Zamboangans are a group in Philippines and another group is Chinese Filipino .
webnlg generated text : Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from .
webnlg reference text : Batchoy comes from Philippines .
webnlg generated text : Batchoy is eaten in Philippines where Zamboangans and Chinese Filipino are ethnic groups , one of the languages used is Arabic and another is Philippine Spanish .
webnlg reference text : Batchoy comes from Philippines , whose ethnic groups include Zamboangans and Chinese Filipino , and where Arabic and Philippine Spanish are among the languages spoken .
webnlg generated text : Spaniards are the ethnic group of Spain where the language is Spanish language .
webnlg reference text : Spain major ethnic group is Spaniards and the main spoken language is Spanish language .
webnlg generated text : Ajoblanco , from Spain , is from Andalusia , where Susana Díaz is the leader .
webnlg reference text : Ajoblanco is one of Spain well - known food from the Andalusia region where Susana Díaz is the regional leader .
webnlg generated text : Ajoblanco , from Spain , is from Andalusia , where Susana Díaz is the leader .
webnlg reference text : Ajoblanco originates from Spain and more specifically Andalusia where Susana Díaz is the leader .
webnlg generated text : The language of Spain is Spanish language and Spaniards are the ethnic group .
webnlg reference text : In Spain , the language spoken is Spanish language and an ethnic group are Spaniards .
webnlg generated text : Spaniards are the ethnic group of Spain where the language is Spanish language .
webnlg reference text : Spaniards , the ethnic group of Spain , speak Spanish language .
webnlg generated text : Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalusia , Spain .
webnlg reference text : Ajoblanco originates the Andalusia region of Spain .
webnlg generated text : Susana Díaz is the leader of Andalusia .
webnlg reference text : Susana Díaz is a leader of Andalusia .
webnlg generated text : Ajoblanco , from Spain , is from Andalusia , where Susana Díaz is the leader .
webnlg reference text : Ajoblanco is a Spain dish that originates Andalusia , where the leader is Susana Díaz .
webnlg generated text : Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of Spain , whose people are called Spaniards .
webnlg reference text : Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of Spain , where the people that live there are called Spaniards .
webnlg generated text : Spaniards are the name given to the people of Spain , where Felipe VI of Spain and Susana Díaz are leaders . Ajoblanco originates from Andalusia .
webnlg reference text : Some famous Spaniards from Spain include Felipe VI of Spain ( leader of Spain ) and Susana Díaz who is the leader of Andalusia where Ajoblanco comes from .
webnlg generated text : Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup , part of Central Denmark Region of Denmark .
webnlg reference text : The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup , part of the Central Denmark Region region , in Denmark .
webnlg generated text : Margrethe II of Denmark is the Queen of Denmark where Faroese language is spoken .
webnlg reference text : Where the leader is Margrethe II of Denmark of Denmark and where the language is Faroese language .
webnlg generated text : Margrethe II of Denmark is the Queen of Denmark where Faroese language is spoken .
webnlg reference text : Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader of Denmark where Faroese language is spoken .
webnlg generated text : Denmark is the location of Aarhus Airport in Tirstrup , part of Central Denmark Region .
webnlg reference text : Denmark is the location of Aarhus Airport in Tirstrup , part of the Central Denmark Region region .
webnlg generated text : Margrethe II of Denmark is the Queen of Denmark where Faroese language is spoken .
webnlg reference text : Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader of Denmark where Faroese language is spoken .
webnlg generated text : Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup which is part of Central Denmark Region .
webnlg reference text : Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup , part of the Central Denmark Region region .
webnlg generated text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport which is operated by ENAIRE is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas .
webnlg reference text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport , operated by ENAIRE , is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas .
webnlg generated text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is 610.0 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 14L/32R with a length of 4100.0 .
webnlg reference text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located 610.0 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 14L/32R which is 4100.0 in length .
webnlg generated text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located at Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas at 610.0 metres above sea level .
webnlg reference text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas at an elevation of 610.0 metres above sea level .
webnlg generated text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE and has a runway name of 14L/32R with a length of 4100.0 .
webnlg reference text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE and has a runway name of 14L/32R with a length of 4100.0 .
webnlg generated text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport which is operated by ENAIRE is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas .
webnlg reference text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport , which is operated by ENAIRE , is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas .
webnlg generated text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is 610.0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4100.0 and 14L/32R .
webnlg reference text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is 610.0 metres above sea level , and has a runway length of 4100.0 which is named 14L/32R .
webnlg generated text : Located in India , Agra Airport has a runway length of 1818.0 and the ICAO location identifier is VIAG .
webnlg reference text : The runway length at Agra Airport in India is 1818.0 and the ICAO location identifier is VIAG .
webnlg generated text : Operated by Indian Air Force , Agra Airport is 167.94 metres above sea level .
webnlg reference text : Agra Airport is operated by Indian Air Force and is 167.94 metres above sea level .
webnlg generated text : Agra Airport ICAO location identifier is VIAG and Agra Airport runway length is 1818.0 .
webnlg reference text : Agra Airport has the ICAO location identifier of VIAG and Agra Airport has a runway length of 1818.0 .
webnlg generated text : Located in India at 167.94 metres above sea level , Agra Airport is operated by Indian Air Force .
webnlg reference text : Agra Airport is located in India at 167.94 metres above sea level and is operated by Indian Air Force .
webnlg generated text : Agra Airport is located in India and operated by Indian Air Force .
webnlg reference text : Agra Airport , in India , is operated by Indian Air Force .
webnlg generated text : The ICAO Location Identifier of Agra Airport is VIAG and is 167.94 m above sea level .
webnlg reference text : Agra Airport ICAO Location Identifier is VIAG and Agra Airport is elevated 167.94 meters above sea level .
webnlg generated text : The runway length of Agra Airport is 1818.0 .
webnlg reference text : Agra Airport has a runway which measures 1818.0 .
webnlg generated text : Al Asad Airbase in Iraq is operated by United States Air Force .
webnlg reference text : Al Asad Airbase is in Iraq and is operated by United States Air Force .
webnlg generated text : United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad Airbase in Iraq .
webnlg reference text : United States Air Force operates an Airbase in Iraq called Al Asad Airbase .
webnlg generated text : The ICAO Location Identifier of Al Asad Airbase is ORAA .
webnlg reference text : Al Asad Airbase ICAO location ID is ORAA .
webnlg generated text : The runway name is 08/26 and Al Asad Airbase has a length of 3990.0 .
webnlg reference text : Al Asad Airbase runway 08/26 is 3990.0 in length .
webnlg generated text : Al Asad Airbase runway is named 08/26 and has a length of 3992.88 .
webnlg reference text : Al Asad Airbase has a runway name of 08/26 which is 3992.88 in length .
webnlg generated text : Al Asad Airbase in Al Anbar Province , Iraq is operated by United States Air Force and has the ICAO location identifier ORAA .
webnlg reference text : Al Asad Airbase is situated in Al Anbar Province , Iraq , is operated by United States Air Force and has the ICAO location identifier ORAA .
webnlg generated text : United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad Airbase in Al Anbar Province , Iraq .
webnlg reference text : United States Air Force operates Al Asad Airbase which is located in Al Anbar Province , Iraq .
webnlg generated text : Al Asad Airbase has the ICAO location identifier ORAA , a runway length of 3992.88 and a runway name 08/26 .
webnlg reference text : The ICAO location identifer of Al Asad Airbase is ORAA and the length is 3992.88 and the runway is known as 08/26 .
webnlg generated text : Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province , Iraq and is operated by United States Air Force .
webnlg reference text : Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province , Iraq and is operated by United States Air Force .
webnlg generated text : The ICAO Location Identifier of Al Asad Airbase is ORAA .
webnlg reference text : ORAA is the ICAO location of Al Asad Airbase .
webnlg generated text : The runway name is 08/26 and Al Asad Airbase has a length of 3992.88 .
webnlg reference text : Al Asad Airbase runway , named 08/26 measures a length of 3992.88 .
webnlg generated text : United States Air Force deploy the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft as well as the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft .
webnlg reference text : Lockheed AC-130 can be found on United States Air Force aircraft carriers and Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft of United States Air Force .
webnlg generated text : General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon is an aircraft fighter in United States Air Force .
webnlg reference text : United States Air Force also has the aircraft fighter General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon .
webnlg generated text : United States Air Force was fighting in 1986 United States bombing of Libya and operates Al Asad Airbase .
webnlg reference text : 1986 United States bombing of Libya was carried out by United States Air Force which now operates Al Asad Airbase .
webnlg generated text : United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad Airbase and fought in 1986 United States bombing of Libya .
webnlg reference text : Al Asad Airbase is operated by United States Air Force which was involved in 1986 United States bombing of Libya .
webnlg generated text : United States Air Force deploy the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft , the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon aircraft fighter .
webnlg reference text : Some of United States Air Force aircraft are Lockheed AC-130 ( an attack aircraft ) , Boeing C-17 Globemaster III ( transport aircraft ) and General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon ( aircraft fighter ) .
webnlg generated text : United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad Airbase and fought in 1986 United States bombing of Libya .
webnlg reference text : Al Asad Airbase is operated by United States Air Force who were involved in 1986 United States bombing of Libya .
webnlg generated text : United States Air Force deploy the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft , the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon aircraft fighter .
webnlg reference text : United States Air Force deploy Lockheed AC-130 on United States Air Force aircraft carriers , use Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft and General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon fighter aircraft .
webnlg generated text : Al Asad Airbase is operated by United States Air Force which was involved in the invasions of Invasion of Grenada and Operation Enduring Freedom .
webnlg reference text : Al Asad Airbase is operated by United States Air Force who were involved in battles at Invasion of Grenada and during Operation Enduring Freedom .
webnlg generated text : Lockheed AC-130 ( an attack aircraft ) and Lockheed C-130 Hercules ( transport aircraft ) are both used by United States Air Force .
webnlg reference text : United States Air Force deploy Lockheed AC-130 as an attack aircraft and Lockheed C-130 Hercules as a transport aircraft .
webnlg generated text : Al Asad Airbase is operated by United States Air Force which was involved in the invasions of Invasion of Grenada and Operation Enduring Freedom .
webnlg reference text : United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad Airbase and was involved in battles at Invasion of Grenada and Operation Enduring Freedom .
webnlg generated text : Lockheed AC-130 ( an attack aircraft ) and Lockheed C-130 Hercules ( transport aircraft ) are both used by United States Air Force .
webnlg reference text : The Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft and the Lockheed C-130 Hercules transporter are planes of United States Air Force .
webnlg generated text : Alderney Airport is 88.0 metres above sea level and serves Alderney .
webnlg reference text : Alderney Airport is 88.0 metres above sea level and serves the city of Alderney .
webnlg generated text : Alderney Airport has a 1st runway made from Poaceae which is named 08/26 and has a length of 733.0 .
webnlg reference text : Alderney Airport has a 1st runway made of Poaceae which is named 08/26 and has a length of 733.0 .
webnlg generated text : Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney and has the runway name 08/26 .
webnlg reference text : Alderney Airport serves Alderney and Alderney Airport runway name is 08/26 .
webnlg generated text : The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae and has a length of 733.0 .
webnlg reference text : The 1st runway was made of Poaceae and Alderney Airport is 733.0 long .
webnlg generated text : Alderney Airport is 88.0 metres above sea level .
webnlg reference text : Alderney Airport is 88.0 meters above sea level .
webnlg generated text : Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs Allama Iqbal International Airport in Pakistan .
webnlg reference text : Operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority and located in Pakistan , is Allama Iqbal International Airport .
webnlg generated text : Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore and has a runway length of 3310.0 which is named 18L/36R .
webnlg reference text : Allama Iqbal International Airport ; serves the city of Lahore , has a runway length of 3310.0 and a runway with the name 18L/36R .
webnlg generated text : Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan is governed by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority and serves the city of Lahore .
webnlg reference text : Allama Iqbal International Airport in Pakistan is governed by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority and serves the city of Lahore .
webnlg generated text : Allama Iqbal International Airport has a runway named 18L/36R with a length of 3310.0 .
webnlg reference text : Allama Iqbal International Airport runway is named 18L/36R and has a length of 3310.0 .
webnlg generated text : Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan , serves the city of Lahore and is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority .
webnlg reference text : Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan as Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore and is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority .
webnlg generated text : Allama Iqbal International Airport has a runway named 18L/36R with a length of 3310.0 .
webnlg reference text : Allama Iqbal International Airport runway which named 18L/36R has a total length of 3310.0 .
webnlg generated text : Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan , serves the city of Lahore and is governed by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority .
webnlg reference text : Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab , Pakistan , serves the city of Lahore and is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority .
webnlg generated text : The runway name is 18R/36L and Allama Iqbal International Airport has a length of 2900.0 .
webnlg reference text : Allama Iqbal International Airport runway name is 18R/36L and Allama Iqbal International Airport is 2900.0 in length .
webnlg generated text : Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab , Pakistan is governed by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority and has a runway name 18R/36L which is 2900.0 long .
webnlg reference text : Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan and governed by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority the name of Allama Iqbal International Airport runway is 18R/36L and Allama Iqbal International Airport lentgh is 2900.0 .
webnlg generated text : Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore .
webnlg reference text : Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the whole city of Lahore .
webnlg generated text : Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan , serves the city of Lahore and is governed by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority .
webnlg reference text : Allama Iqbal International Airport , found in Punjab , Pakistan , serves the city of Lahore and is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority .
webnlg generated text : The runway name is 18R/36L and Allama Iqbal International Airport has a length of 2900.0 .
webnlg reference text : The runaway name is 18R/36L and Allama Iqbal International Airport has a length of 2900.0 .
webnlg generated text : Alpena County Regional Airport serves the city of Alpena , Michigan and is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpa County , Michigan .
webnlg reference text : Serving the city of Alpena , Michigan and located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan , is Alpena County Regional Airport .
webnlg generated text : Alpena County Regional Airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 7/25 with a length of 1533.0 .
webnlg reference text : Alpena County Regional Airport is 210 metres above sea level , has a runway with the name 7/25 and a runway that is 1533.0 long .
webnlg generated text : Alpena County Regional Airport serves the city of Alpena , Michigan and is located at 210 metres above sea level in Maple Ridge Township , Alpa County , Michigan .
webnlg reference text : The city of Alpena , Michigan is served by Alpena County Regional Airport which is located 210 metres above sea level in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan .
webnlg generated text : The runway name is 7/25 and Alpena County Regional Airport has a length of 1533.0 .
webnlg reference text : The runway name is 7/25 and Alpena County Regional Airport has a length of 1533.0 .
webnlg generated text : Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township , Alpena Country , Michigan and serves the city of Alpa , Michigan .
webnlg reference text : In Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan and serving Alpena , Michigan , is Alpena County Regional Airport .
webnlg generated text : Alpena County Regional Airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 1/19 with a length of 2744.0 .
webnlg reference text : Alpena County Regional Airport is 210 metres above sea level , has the runway name 1/19 and a runway length of 2744.0 .
webnlg generated text : Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township , Alpenas County , Michigan and serves Alpena , Michigan .
webnlg reference text : The location of Alpena County Regional Airport is Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan and Alpena County Regional Airport serves Alpena , Michigan .
webnlg generated text : Alpena County Regional Airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 1/19 with a length of 2744.0 .
webnlg reference text : Alpena County Regional Airport , which lies 210 metres above sea level , has a runway named 1/19 which is 2744.0 metres long .
webnlg generated text : Alpena County Regional Airport serves the city of Alpena , Michigan and is located in Wilson Township , Alpa County , Michigan , United States .
webnlg reference text : Alpena County Regional Airport serving Alpena , Michigan , is located in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States .
webnlg generated text : Alpena County Regional Airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0 .
webnlg reference text : Alpena County Regional Airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0 .
webnlg generated text : Alpena County Regional Airport serves the city of Alpena , Michigan and is located in Wilson Township , Alpa County , Michigan , United States .
webnlg reference text : Alpena County Regional Airport , serving Alpena , Michigan is found in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan in United States .
webnlg generated text : Alpena County Regional Airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0 .
webnlg reference text : Alpena County Regional Airport is elevated 210 meters above sea level and Alpena County Regional Airport has a runway measuring 1533.0 in length .
webnlg generated text : Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States , is the location of Alpa County Regional Airport which is 210 metres above sea level .
webnlg reference text : 210 metres above sea level in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan @ United States , there is an airport called Alpena County Regional Airport .
webnlg generated text : Alpena County Regional Airport serves the city of Alpena , Michigan .
webnlg reference text : Alpena County Regional Airport serves the citizens of Alpena , Michigan .
webnlg generated text : The runway length of Alpena County Regional Airport is 1533.0 .
webnlg reference text : Alpena County Regional Airport has a runway that stretches 1533.0 in length .
webnlg generated text : Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo and serves Luanda .
webnlg reference text : Located in Ícolo e Bengo , Angola International Airport serves Luanda .
webnlg generated text : Angola International Airport is 159 metres above sea level , has a runway length of 3800.0 and a runway named 05L/23R .
webnlg reference text : Angola International Airport is 159 metres above the sea level , has a runway length of 3800.0 and the runway name , 05L/23R .
webnlg generated text : Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo and serves Luanda .
webnlg reference text : Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo and serves the city of Luanda .
webnlg generated text : Angola International Airport is 159 metres above sea level , has a runway length of 3800.0 and a runway named 05L/23R .
webnlg reference text : Angola International Airport is situated 159 meters above sea level and has a 3800.0 long runway named 05L/23R .
webnlg generated text : At 159 metres above sea level , Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo and serves Luanda .
webnlg reference text : Angola International Airport , which lies 159 metres above sea level , is located in Ícolo e Bengo and serves the city of Luanda .
webnlg generated text : Nikos Voutsis and Alexis Tsipras are leaders in Greece where the language is Greek language .
webnlg reference text : Nikos Voutsis and Alexis Tsipras are leaders in Greece where Greek language is spoken .
webnlg generated text : Athens is a city in Greece and is served by Athens International Airport .
webnlg reference text : The city of Athens , located in Greece , is served by Athens International Airport .
webnlg generated text : Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece where Greek language is spoken and the leaders are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis .
webnlg reference text : Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece , Greek language is spoken in Greece and the leaders names in Greece are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis .
webnlg generated text : Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece where the language is Greek language .
webnlg reference text : Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens , in Greek language speaking Greece .
webnlg generated text : Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece where the language is Greek language .
webnlg reference text : Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens , Greece where the spoken language is Greek language .
webnlg generated text : Two leaders of Greece are Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavlopoulos .
webnlg reference text : Two leaders of Greece are Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavlopoulos .
webnlg generated text : Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens , in Greece where two of the leaders are Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavlopoulos .
webnlg reference text : Athens International Airport is located in Athens , Greece which has both Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavlopoulos as leaders .
webnlg generated text : Atlantic City International Airport serves the city of Atlantic City , New Jersey which is lead by Don Guardian .
webnlg reference text : Atlantic City International Airport serves Atlantic City , New Jersey in New Jersey which is led by Don Guardian .
webnlg generated text : Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , which is part of New Jersey in United States .
webnlg reference text : Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , New Jersey , United States .
webnlg generated text : Don Guardian is the leader of Atlantic City , New Jersey which is served by Atlantic City International Airport located in Egg Harbor Township , New New Jersey , in United States .
webnlg reference text : Atlantic City , New Jersey in New Jersey is led by Don Guardian and is served by Atlantic City International Airport at Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , New Jersey , United States .
webnlg generated text : Philippe of Belgium and Charles Michel are both leaders in Belgium , the capital city of which is City of Brussels .
webnlg reference text : Philippe of Belgium and Charles Michel are leaders in Belgium , the capital city of which is City of Brussels .
webnlg generated text : Antwerp in Belgium is served by Antwerp International Airport .
webnlg reference text : In Belgium is Antwerp which is served by Antwerp International Airport .
webnlg generated text : Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp .
webnlg reference text : Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp .
webnlg generated text : The capital of Belgium is City of Brussels .
webnlg reference text : Antwerp International Airport is in the country of Belgium , where the capital city is City of Brussels .
webnlg generated text : Belgium is lead by Charles Michel and Philippe of Belgium .
webnlg reference text : The leaders of Belgium are Charles Michel ad Philippe of Belgium .
webnlg generated text : Atlantic City International Airport ICAO Location Identifier is KACY .
webnlg reference text : The ICAO location identifier for Atlantic City International Airport is KACY .
webnlg generated text : Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey which is a township in Atlantic County , New Jerse y New Jersey , United States .
webnlg reference text : Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , Atlantic County , New Jersey , New Jersey in United States .
webnlg generated text : Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , which is part of New Jersey in United States .
webnlg reference text : Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , New Jersey in United States .
webnlg generated text : Atlantic City International Airport ICAO Location Identifier is KACY .
webnlg reference text : Atlantic City International Airport ICAO location identifier is KACY .
webnlg generated text : Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid , New York ( New York ) and Saranac Lake ( part of Harrietstown , New New York , United States ) .
webnlg reference text : Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid , New York , part of New York , and also the city of Saranac Lake , New York , part of Harrietstown , New York , New York , United States .
webnlg generated text : Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid , New York , and also Saranac Lake , New New York in New York .
webnlg reference text : Adirondack Regional Airport serves Lake Placid , New York and Saranac Lake , New York , New York .
webnlg generated text : Saranac Lake , New York is part of Harrietstown , New New York , United States .
webnlg reference text : Saranac Lake , New York is part of Harrietstown , New York , New York and is located in United States .
webnlg generated text : Saranac Lake , New York , United States , is part of Harriestown , Essex County , New New York and is served by Adirondack Regional Airport .
webnlg reference text : A part of both Harrietstown , New York and Essex County , New York ( United States , the the city of Saranac Lake , New York is served by Adirondack Regional Airport .
webnlg generated text : Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid , New York .
webnlg reference text : Adirondack Regional Airport also serves the city of Lake Placid , New York .
webnlg generated text : Saranac Lake , New York is part of Essex County , New New York , United States .
webnlg reference text : Saranac Lake , New York is part of Harrietstown , New York and part of Essex County , New York , United States .
webnlg generated text : Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of both Saranac Lake , New York and Lake Placid , New New York .
webnlg reference text : Adirondack Regional Airport serves both the city of Saranac Lake , New York and the city of Lake Placid , New York .
webnlg generated text : Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of both Saranac Lake , New York and Lake Placid , New New York .
webnlg reference text : Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York and Lake Placid , New York .
webnlg generated text : Saranac Lake , New York is part of Essex County , New New York and part of Harrietstown , NewNew York .
webnlg reference text : Saranac Lake , New York is part of Essex County , New York where you will also find Harrietstown , New York .
webnlg generated text : Uttar Pradesh is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand .
webnlg reference text : Uttar Pradesh is part of both Awadh and Bundelkhand .
webnlg generated text : Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh and operated by Indian Air Force which uses HAL Light Combat Helicopter .
webnlg reference text : Uttar Pradesh is the location of Agra Airport which is operated by Indian Air Force who use HAL Light Combat Helicopter .
webnlg generated text : Uttar Pradesh is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand .
webnlg reference text : Uttar Pradesh is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand .
webnlg generated text : Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh and operated by Indian Air Force which uses HAL Light Combat Helicopter .
webnlg reference text : Uttar Pradesh is the location of Agra Airport which is operated by Indian Air Force who deploy HAL Light Combat Helicopter .
webnlg generated text : HAL Light Combat Helicopter is a Helicopter used by Indian Air Force who operate Agra Airport .
webnlg reference text : HAL Light Combat Helicopter is a Helicopter used by Indian Air Force which operates Agra Airport .
webnlg generated text : Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand and is lead by Ram Naik .
webnlg reference text : Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh ( part of Bundelkhand ) , where Ram Naik is the leader .
webnlg generated text : Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand and is operated by Indian Air Force .
webnlg reference text : Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh ( part of Bundelkhand ) and operated by Indian Air Force .
webnlg generated text : India Air Force has an aircraft capable helicopter known as HAL Light Combat Helicopter .
webnlg reference text : HAL Light Combat Helicopter is a Helicopter used by Indian Air Force .
webnlg generated text : Ram Naik is the leader in Uttar Pradesh .
webnlg reference text : Ram Naik is a leader of Uttar Pradesh .
webnlg generated text : Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand and is operated by Indian Air Force .
webnlg reference text : Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh ( part of Bundelkhand ) and operated by Indian Air Force .
webnlg generated text : Iraq is led by Haider al - Abadi and Fuad Masum and uses Arabic .
webnlg reference text : Iraq is led by Haider al - Abadi and Fuad Masum and uses the Arabic language .
webnlg generated text : Fallujah in Iraq is served by Al - Taqaddum Air Base .
webnlg reference text : Iraq is the location of Al - Taqaddum Air Base in Fallujah .
webnlg generated text : Iraq is led by Haider al - Abadi and Fuad Masum and uses Arabic .
webnlg reference text : The leaders of Iraq are Haider al - Abadi and Fuad Masum , who speak Arabic .
webnlg generated text : Fallujah in Iraq is served by Al - Taqaddum Air Base .
webnlg reference text : In the city of Fallujah , Iraq , there is Al - Taqaddum Air Base .
webnlg generated text : Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq .
webnlg reference text : Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq .
webnlg generated text : Iraq is led by Haider al - Abadi and Fuad Masum and uses Arabic .
webnlg reference text : Leaders in Iraq include Haider al - Abadi and Fuad Masum and Arabic is spoken in Iraq .
webnlg generated text : 200 Public Square completed in 1985 is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio , Ohio in United States .
webnlg reference text : 200 Public Square was completed in 1985 in Cuyahoga County , Ohio , Cleveland , Ohio , United States .
webnlg generated text : 200 Public Square , completed in 1985 , is located in Cuyahoga County , Ohio , Cleveland , Ohio in United States .
webnlg reference text : 200 Public Square completed in 1985 is in Cleveland ( part of Cuyahoga County , Ohio ) in Ohio , United States .
webnlg generated text : 200 Public Square completed in 1985 is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio , Ohio in United States .
webnlg reference text : 200 Public Square was completed in 1985 , and is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio , Ohio , United States .
webnlg generated text : Construction of 250 Delaware Avenue , Buffalo , New York , began in January , 2014 and is in Postmodern architecture .
webnlg reference text : Construction of 250 Delaware Avenue , Buffalo , New York , began in January , 2014 in Postmodern architecture .
webnlg generated text : 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , United States .
webnlg reference text : 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , United States .
webnlg generated text : Rahm Emanuel is a leader in Chicago whose capital is Springfield , Illinois .
webnlg reference text : The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel and the capital of the state of Illinois is Springfield , Illinois .
webnlg generated text : 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago ( lead by Rahm Emanuel ) , Illinois , United States .
webnlg reference text : 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago ( leader : Rahm Emanuel ) , which is part of Illinois , United States .
webnlg generated text : The capital of Illinois is Springfield , Illinois .
webnlg reference text : The capital of Illinois is Springfield , Illinois .
webnlg generated text : 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , United States .
webnlg reference text : 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , in United States .
webnlg generated text : Rahm Emanuel is a leader in Chicago whose capital is Springfield , Illinois .
webnlg reference text : Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago but the capital of the state of Illinois is Springfield , Illinois .
webnlg generated text : AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark where Faroese language is spoken and the leader is Margrethe II of Denmark .
webnlg reference text : AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark , where Faroese language is spoken , and the leader is Margrethe II of Denmark .
webnlg generated text : The tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Marriott International which was founded in Washington , D.C. .
webnlg reference text : AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen current tenant is Marriott International , which was founded in Washington , D.C. .
webnlg generated text : Marriott International which was founded in Washington , D.C. is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen .
webnlg reference text : Margrethe II of Denmark leads the country where Faroese language is spoken . Marriott International , founded in Washington , D.C. , are the current tenants of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen .
webnlg generated text : Marriott International , founded in Washington , D.C. , is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Denmark where Greenlandic language is one of the languages spoken .
webnlg reference text : Marriott International was founded in Washington , D.C. and is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which is in Denmark where Greenlandic language is one of the languages spoken there .
webnlg generated text : Bill Marriott is a key person at Marriott International .
webnlg reference text : Bill Marriott is one of the key employees of Marriott International .
webnlg generated text : Bill Marriott is a key person at Marriott International which was founded in Washington , D.C. and is the current tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , Denmark .
webnlg reference text : Bill Marriott is the key person of Marriott International which was founded in Washington , D.C. and is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , Denmark .
webnlg generated text : Greenlandic language is one of the languages of Denmark .
webnlg reference text : One of the languages spoken in Denmark is Greenlandic language .
webnlg generated text : AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is in Denmark where the leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen and Greenlandic language is spoken .
webnlg reference text : AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is in Denmark where the leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen and Greenlandic language is one of the languages spoken there .
webnlg generated text : The tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Marriott International which was founded in Washington , D.C. .
webnlg reference text : The tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Marriott International which was founded in Washington , D.C. .
webnlg generated text : Marriott International , founded in Washington , D.C. , is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Denmark where Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader and Greenlandic language is one of the languages spoken .
webnlg reference text : Marriott International , founded in Washington , D.C. , is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , Denmark ( which is led by Lars Løkke Rasmussen and has Greenlandic language as a spoken language ) .
webnlg generated text : Adare Manor is located in Republic of Ireland which is lead by Enda Kenny .
webnlg reference text : Adare Manor is in Republic of Ireland , which leader is Enda Kenny .
webnlg generated text : Augustus Pugin 's birthplace is Bloomsbury .
webnlg reference text : The architect is Augustus Pugin , who was born in Bloomsbury .
webnlg generated text : One of Augustus Pugin significant buildings is Palace of Westminster .
webnlg reference text : One of the significant buildings designed by Augustus Pugin is Palace of Westminster .
webnlg generated text : Adare Manor is located in Republic of Ireland which is lead by Enda Kenny .
webnlg reference text : Adare Manor is located in Republic of Ireland , whose leader is Enda Kenny .
webnlg generated text : The architect of Adare Manor is Augustus Pugin , whose birthplace was Bloomsbury .
webnlg reference text : Adare Manor architect was Augustus Pugin , who was born in Bloomsbury .
webnlg generated text : One of Augustus Pugin significant buildings is Palace of Westminster .
webnlg reference text : Another significant building designed by Augustus Pugin is Palace of Westminster .
webnlg generated text : Augustus Pugin ( born in Bloomsbury ) was the architect of Adare Manor , located in Republic of Ireland , which is lead by Enda Kenny .
webnlg reference text : Augustus Pugin was born in Bloomsbury and was the architect of Adare Manor in Republic of Ireland , where the leader is Enda Kenny .
webnlg generated text : One of Augustus Pugin significant buildings is Palace of Westminster .
webnlg reference text : Augustus Pugin also designed the significant building of Palace of Westminster .
webnlg generated text : Addis Ababa City Hall has a height of 42 m and 140000.0 ( square metres ) .
webnlg reference text : Addis Ababa City Hall is 42 m high and has a 140000.0 ( square metres ) floor area .
webnlg generated text : Construction on Addis Ababa City Hall began in 1961 and was completed in 1964 .
webnlg reference text : Construction began in 1961 and Addis Ababa City Hall was completed in 1964 .
webnlg generated text : The current tenants of Addis Ababa City Hall are Government of Addi Ababa .
webnlg reference text : Government of Addis Ababa are the current tenants of Addis Ababa City Hall .
webnlg generated text : Construction of Addis Ababa City Hall began in 1961 and was completed in 1964 .
webnlg reference text : Addis Ababa City Hall started in 1961 and was completed in 1964 .
webnlg generated text : Addis Ababa City Hall has a floor area of 140000.0 ( square metres ) and is 42 m high .
webnlg reference text : Addis Ababa City Hall has a floor area of 140000.0 ( square metres ) and is 42 m high .
webnlg generated text : Construction of Addis Ababa City Hall began in 1961 and was completed in 1964 .
webnlg reference text : Addis Ababa City Hall was started in 1961 and completed in 1964 .
webnlg generated text : Addis Ababa City Hall has a height of 42 m and 140000.0 ( square metres ) .
webnlg reference text : Addis Ababa City Hall is 42 m high and has 140000.0 ( square metres ) of floor area .
webnlg generated text : The current tenants of Addis Ababa City Hall are Government of Addi Ababa .
webnlg reference text : Government of Addis Ababa are the current tenants of Addis Ababa City Hall .
webnlg generated text : Akita Museum of Art at 1 - 4 - 2 Nakadori is located in Akita , Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture in Japan .
webnlg reference text : Akita Museum of Art is an art museum at 1 - 4 - 2 Nakadori , Akita , Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan .
webnlg generated text : Akita Museum of Art has 3 floors .
webnlg reference text : Akita Museum of Art was constructed with 3 floors .
webnlg generated text : Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture in Japan .
webnlg reference text : Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , which is part of Akita Prefecture , Japan .
webnlg generated text : Akita Museum of Art has 3 floors and the address of 1 - 4 - 2 Nakadori .
webnlg reference text : Akita Museum of Art has 3 floors and Akita Museum of Art address is 1 - 4 - 2 Nakadori .
webnlg generated text : Akita Museum of Art , which has 3 floors , is located in Akita , Akita Japan .
webnlg reference text : Akita Museum of Art , which has 3 floors , is an art museum in Akita , Akita , Japan .
webnlg generated text : Akita Museum of Art at 1 - 4 - 2 Nakadori is located in Akita Prefecture .
webnlg reference text : Akita Museum of Art address is 1 - 4 - 2 Nakadori , which is Akita Prefecture .
webnlg generated text : Chinese people in Japan are an ethnic group in Japan which is led by Tarō Asō .
webnlg reference text : Chinese people in Japan are one of the ethnic groups in Japan which is led by Tarō Asō .
webnlg generated text : Japan @ Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture .
webnlg reference text : Japan is the location of Akita Museum of Art found in Akita , Akita , Akita Prefecture .
webnlg generated text : The leader of Japan is Tarō Asō and there is an ethnic group of Chinese people in Japan .
webnlg reference text : Tarō Asō is one of the leaders in Japan , A country where there is an ethnic group of Chinese people in Japan .
webnlg generated text : Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture .
webnlg reference text : Also where Akita Museum of Art is located , in Akita , Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture .
webnlg generated text : Chinese people in Japan are an ethnic group in Japan which is led by Tarō Asō .
webnlg reference text : Chinese people in Japan are an ethnic group of Japan which is led by Tarō Asō .
webnlg generated text : Japan @ Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture .
webnlg reference text : Japan is the location of Akita Museum of Art in Akita , Akita , Akita Prefecture .
webnlg generated text : Alan B. Miller Hall , designed by Robert A. M. Stern , is located in Virginia and owned by College of William & Mary .
webnlg reference text : Alan B. Miller Hall was designed by Robert A. M. Stern ; Alan B. Miller Hall is located in Virginia and Alan B. Miller Hall is owned by College of William & Mary .
webnlg generated text : Mason School of Business is the current tenant of Alan B. Miller Hall in United States .
webnlg reference text : Alan B. Miller Hall current tenants are Mason School of Business in United States .
webnlg generated text : Alan B. Miller Hall , owned by College of William & Mary , was designed by Robert A. M. Stern , is located in Virginia , Virginia , and currently hosts Mason School of Business .
webnlg reference text : College of William & Mary is the owner of Alan B. Miller Hall . which was designed by Robert A. M. Stern . Situated in Virginia , Alan B. Miller Hall has as Alan B. Miller Hall tenants United States based Mason School of Business .
webnlg generated text : Gujarat Legislative Assembly is the leader of Gujarat , India , which is the location of Amdavad ni Gufa .
webnlg reference text : Gujarat in India is led by Gujarat Legislative Assembly and is the location of Amdavad ni Gufa in Ahmedabad .
webnlg generated text : Sumitra Mahajan is a leader in India .
webnlg reference text : Sumitra Mahajan is known as an India leader .
webnlg generated text : Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , Gujarat , India .
webnlg reference text : Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , Gujarat , India .
webnlg generated text : The leader of India is Sumitra Mahajan and the leader of Gujarat is Gujarat Legislative Assembly .
webnlg reference text : Sumitra Mahajan is an India leader and Gujarat is led by Gujarat Legislative Assembly .
webnlg generated text : Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , Gujarat , India .
webnlg reference text : The location of Amdavad ni Gufa is Ahmedabad , Gujarat , India .
webnlg generated text : Gujarat leader is known as Gujarat Legislative Assembly and Sumitra Mahajan is an India leader .
webnlg reference text : Gujarat leader is known as Gujarat Legislative Assembly , and the name of the leader in India is Sumitra Mahajan .
webnlg generated text : Sri Lanka leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the leader of Eastern Province , Sri Lanka is Austin Fernando .
webnlg reference text : The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe , but in Eastern Province , Sri Lanka it is Austin Fernando .
webnlg generated text : Ampara Hospital is located in the region of Ampara District .
webnlg reference text : This is where Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District .
webnlg generated text : Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District , Eastern Province , Sri Lanka of Sri Lanka .
webnlg reference text : Ampara Hospital is in Ampara District of Eastern Province , Sri Lanka , Sri Lanka .
webnlg generated text : The leaders of Eastern Province , Sri Lanka are Austin Fernando and Ranil Wickremesinghe .
webnlg reference text : The leader of Eastern Province , Sri Lanka is Austin Fernando and the leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe .
webnlg generated text : Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District , Eastern Province , Sri Lanka of Sri Lanka where the leader is Austin Fernando .
webnlg reference text : Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District , Eastern Province , Sri Lanka , Sri Lanka which is led by Austin Fernando .
webnlg generated text : The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe .
webnlg reference text : Ranil Wickremesinghe is a leader of Sri Lanka .
webnlg generated text : The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and Sri Lanka capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte .
webnlg reference text : Ranil Wickremesinghe is the leader of Sri Lanka whose capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte .
webnlg generated text : Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province , Sri Lanka where Eastern Provincial Council is the governing body .
webnlg reference text : Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province , Sri Lanka which is governed by Eastern Provincial Council .
webnlg generated text : Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province , Sri Lanka of Sri Lanka .
webnlg reference text : Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province , Sri Lanka , Sri Lanka .
webnlg generated text : Eastern Provincial Council is the governing body of Eastern Province , Sri Lanka .
webnlg reference text : Eastern Provincial Council is the governing body of Eastern Province , Sri Lanka .
webnlg generated text : The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe .
webnlg reference text : The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe .
webnlg generated text : Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province , Sri Lanka of Sri Lanka , which is governed by Eastern Provincial Council .
webnlg reference text : Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province , Sri Lanka , Sri Lanka and is governed by Eastern Provincial Council .
webnlg generated text : The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and Sri Lanka capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte .
webnlg reference text : Ranil Wickremesinghe is a leader of Sri Lanka with the capital being Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte .
webnlg generated text : Julia Morgan , who was born in San Francisco , designed many significant buildings including Asilomar Conference Grounds , Los Angeles Herald - Examiner , Hearst Castle and the grounds of Asilimar State Beach .
webnlg reference text : Julia Morgan , who was born in San Francisco , was the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds , Los Angeles Herald - Examiner ( a landmark in San Francisco ) , Hearst Castle and Asilomar State Beach .
webnlg generated text : Julia Morgan , born in San Francisco , designed several significant buildings , including Asilomar Conference Grounds , Riverside Art Museum , Hearst Castle and the significant building of Asilyomar State Beach .
webnlg reference text : Julia Morgan , the architect , was born in San Francisco and some of Julia Morgan significant projects include Asilomar Conference Grounds , Riverside Art Museum , Hearst Castle and Asilomar State Beach .
webnlg generated text : Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco .
webnlg reference text : Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and designed several significant buildings .
webnlg generated text : Julia Morgan , born in San Francisco , designed the significant buildings of Asilomar State Beach and Riverside Art Museum .
webnlg reference text : Born in San Francisco , Julia Morgan was an architect mostly known for designing significant buildings such as Asilomar State Beach and Riverside Art Museum .
webnlg generated text : Julia Morgan was the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds and Hearst Castle .
webnlg reference text : Other buildings Julia Morgan designed included Asilomar Conference Grounds and Hearst Castle .
webnlg generated text : New York City ( part of New Netherland ) United States is the location of Asser Levy Public Baths in Manhattan .
webnlg reference text : New York City ( former part of New Netherland ) , is located in United States , is a part of Manhattan ( led by Cyrus Vance , Jr. ) , is the loction of Asser Levy Public Baths .
webnlg generated text : 103 Colmore Row was designed by John Madin who was born in Birmingham .
webnlg reference text : John Madin , the architect who designed 103 Colmore Row , was born in Birmingham .
webnlg generated text : The governing body of Birmingham ( which has B postcode area ) is Birmingham City Council .
webnlg reference text : The postal code of Birmingham is B postcode area and the governing body is Birmingham City Council .
webnlg generated text : John Clancy ( Labour politician ) is the leader of Birmingham .
webnlg reference text : John Clancy ( Labour politician ) is the leader Birmingham .
webnlg generated text : 103 Colmore Row was designed by John Madin who was born in Birmingham , with B postcode area .
webnlg reference text : 103 Colmore Row was designed by John Madin , who was born in Birmingham , with B postcode area .
webnlg generated text : John Clancy ( Labour politician ) is the leader of Birmingham and Birmingham City Council is the governing body .
webnlg reference text : John Clancy ( Labour politician ) is Birmingham leader , and the local governing body is Birmingham City Council .
webnlg generated text : Birmingham governing body is Birmingham City Council and the leader is John Clancy ( Labour politician ) .
webnlg reference text : Birmingham City Council , led by John Clancy ( Labour politician ) , is the governing body for Birmingham .
webnlg generated text : Birmingham ( which has B postcode area ) was the birthplace of John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row .
webnlg reference text : Birmingham ( which uses B postcode area ) is the birthplace of John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row .
webnlg generated text : 250 Delaware Avenue is located in United States , where Barack Obama once was President of the United States .
webnlg reference text : 250 Delaware Avenue can be found in United States , where the leader is Barack Obama and Barack Obama has the title President of the United States .
webnlg generated text : John Roberts is a leader in United States where the capital city is Washington , D.C. .
webnlg reference text : John Roberts is a leader in United States and the capital of United States is Washington , D.C. .
webnlg generated text : The leader of United States is President of the United States Barack Obama .
webnlg reference text : The title of the leader of United States is President of the United States , and the leader was Barack Obama .
webnlg generated text : John Roberts is the Chief Justice of United States .
webnlg reference text : John Roberts is a leader in United States .
webnlg generated text : Washington , D.C. is the capital of United States which is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue .
webnlg reference text : The capital of United States is Washington , D.C. , and 250 Delaware Avenue is located in United States .
webnlg generated text : Tomato is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce .
webnlg reference text : Amatriciana sauce is made with Tomato .
webnlg generated text : Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy .
webnlg reference text : Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italy sauce .
webnlg generated text : Tomato is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which comes from Italy .
webnlg reference text : Amatriciana sauce is a sauce containing Tomato that comes from Italy .
webnlg generated text : Arem - arem originates from the country of Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is a leader .
webnlg reference text : Arem - arem is a food found in Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the leader .
webnlg generated text : Arem - arem originates from the country of Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is a leader .
webnlg reference text : Arem - arem is commonly served in Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is leader .
webnlg generated text : Arem - arem originates from the country of Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is a leader .
webnlg reference text : Arem - arem is a cuisine found in Jusuf Kalla led , Indonesia .
webnlg generated text : Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy where they speak Italian language .
webnlg reference text : Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy where Italian language is spoken .
webnlg generated text : Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy where they speak Italian language .
webnlg reference text : Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy where Italian language is spoken .
webnlg generated text : Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy where they speak Italian language .
webnlg reference text : Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy , where surprisingly Italian language is spoken .
webnlg generated text : Sergio Mattarella is a leader in Italy , where Arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish .
webnlg reference text : Sergio Mattarella is a leader in Italy , where Arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish .
webnlg generated text : Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy where Sergio Mattarella is a leader .
webnlg reference text : Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy where Sergio Mattarella is the leader .
webnlg generated text : Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy where Sergio Mattarella is a leader .
webnlg reference text : Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy , where Sergio Mattarella is the leader .
webnlg generated text : Arrabbiata sauce is made in Italy and Chili pepper is one of the ingredients used .
webnlg reference text : Arrabbiata sauce is an Italy sauce that contains Chili pepper .
webnlg generated text : Arrabbiata sauce is made in Italy and Chili pepper is one of the ingredients used .
webnlg reference text : Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy and one of the ingredients in Arrabbiata sauce is Chili pepper .
webnlg generated text : Chili pepper is an ingredient used in the preparation of Arrabbiata sauce which can be found in Italy .
webnlg reference text : Arrabbiata sauce , containing Chili pepper , can be found in Italy .
webnlg generated text : Arròs negre is a traditional Spain dish from the region of Valencian Community .
webnlg reference text : Arròs negre is a traditional Spain dish and comes from the region of Valencian Community .
webnlg generated text : Arròs negre comes from the region of Valencian Community in Spain .
webnlg reference text : Arròs negre comes from the region of Valencian Community in Spain .
webnlg generated text : Arròs negre is a traditional Spain dish from the region of Valencian Community .
webnlg reference text : Arròs negre comes from the Spain region of Valencian Community .
webnlg generated text : Asam pedas is an Indonesia dish of Fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
webnlg reference text : A dish popular in Indonesia is Asam pedas which is made from Fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
webnlg generated text : Asam pedas is a dish of Fish cooked in sour and hot sauce and comes from Indonesia .
webnlg reference text : Fish cooked in sour and hot sauce to create an Asam pedas which originates from the country of Indonesia .
webnlg generated text : Asam pedas is a dish of Fish cooked in sour and hot sauce and comes from Indonesia .
webnlg reference text : Asam pedas is a dish of Fish cooked in sour and hot sauce that comes from Indonesia .
webnlg generated text : Ayam penyet is a popular dish in Indonesia and Malaysia .
webnlg reference text : Ayam penyet is from Indonesia and is a popular dish in Malaysia .
webnlg generated text : Ayam penyet is a popular dish in Malaysia and Indonesia .
webnlg reference text : Ayam penyet comes from both Malaysia and Indonesia .
webnlg generated text : Ayam penyet is a popular dish in Malaysia and Indonesia .
webnlg reference text : Ayam penyet is a dish from Malaysia and Indonesia .
webnlg generated text : A variation of Bacon sandwich is BLT which is a variation of Club sandwich .
webnlg reference text : Bacon sandwich can be called a BLT which is a variation of Club sandwich .
webnlg generated text : BLT is a variation of Club sandwich .
webnlg reference text : BLT is a variation of Club sandwich and BLT .
webnlg generated text : A variation of Bacon sandwich is BLT which is a variation of Club sandwich .
webnlg reference text : Bacon sandwich is a variation of BLT which is a variation of Club sandwich .
webnlg generated text : Sausage is an ingredient of Bacon Explosion but Bacon Explosion main ingredient is Bacon .
webnlg reference text : Sausage is an ingredient of Bacon Explosion but the main ingredient is Bacon .
webnlg generated text : Bacon Explosion main ingredients are Bacon and Sausage .
webnlg reference text : Aside from the main ingredient Bacon , Sausage is included in Bacon Explosion .
webnlg generated text : Bacon sandwich can also be known as Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , Bacon sanger , piece n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin and contains Bacon .
webnlg reference text : Bacon sandwich - which can also be known as Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin - has the ingredient Bacon .
webnlg generated text : Bacon sandwich , which contains Bacon , can also be known as Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , Bacon sanger , piece n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin .
webnlg reference text : Bacon sandwich , which always includes Bacon , has different names including : Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin .
webnlg generated text : Bacon sandwich is a variation of BLT and one of the ingredients is Bread .
webnlg reference text : Bacon sandwich can be transformed into BLT which has an ingredient widely found called Bread .
webnlg generated text : Bread is an ingredient in Bacon sandwich which is a variation of BLT .
webnlg reference text : An ingredient in Bacon sandwich is Bread and a variation is BLT .
webnlg generated text : Bread is an ingredient of Bacon sandwich which is a variation of BLT .
webnlg reference text : Bacon sandwich , made from Bread , is a variation of BLT .
webnlg generated text : Baked Alaska is from France and one of Baked Alaska ingredients is Sponge cake .
webnlg reference text : Baked Alaska comes from the country of France and one of the ingredients is Sponge cake .
webnlg generated text : Baked Alaska comes from France and contains Sponge cake .
webnlg reference text : Baked Alaska ( France uses Sponge cake as an ingredient .
webnlg generated text : Baked Alaska is from France and one of Baked Alaska ingredients is Sponge cake .
webnlg reference text : France @ Baked Alaska includes the ingredient , Sponge cake .
webnlg generated text : Baked Alaska comes from the country of France where Manuel Valls is the leader .
webnlg reference text : Baked Alaska comes from the country of France where Manuel Valls is the leader .
webnlg generated text : Manuel Valls is the leader of France where Baked Alaska is from .
webnlg reference text : France ( led by Manuel Valls ) is the origin of Baked Alaska .
webnlg generated text : Manuel Valls is the leader of France where Baked Alaska is from .
webnlg reference text : Manuel Valls is the leader of France , where Baked Alaska comes from .
webnlg generated text : Meringue is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which is from United States .
webnlg reference text : Meringue is one of the main ingredients of Baked Alaska , Baked Alaska originates from the United States .
webnlg generated text : Baked Alaska is from United States and contains Meringue .
webnlg reference text : Baked Alaska , a United States dish , includes the ingredient Meringue .
webnlg generated text : Meringue is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which is from United States .
webnlg reference text : Meringue is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which is a dish found in United States .
webnlg generated text : Fruit preserves are an ingredient in Bakewell tart , a variant of Bakewell pudding .
webnlg reference text : Fruit preserves is an ingredient in Bakewell tart which are a variant of Bakewell pudding .
webnlg generated text : Fruit preserves are an ingredient in Bakewell tart , a variant of Bakewell pudding .
webnlg reference text : Bakewell tart , containing Fruit preserves , is a variation of Bakewell pudding .
webnlg generated text : Fruit preserves are an ingredient in Bakewell tart , a variant of Bakewell pudding .
webnlg reference text : Fruit preserves are an ingredient in Bakewell tart which is a variation of Bakewell pudding .
webnlg generated text : Vermicelli is an ingredient of Bakso which comes from Indonesia .
webnlg reference text : Vermicelli is an ingredient of Bakso which comes from Indonesia .
webnlg generated text : Vermicelli is an ingredient of Bakso which comes from Indonesia .
webnlg reference text : Vermicelli is included in the Indonesia dish of Bakso .
webnlg generated text : Vermicelli is an ingredient of Bakso which comes from Indonesia .
webnlg reference text : Vermicelli is an ingredient in Bakso which is from Indonesia .
webnlg generated text : Celery is a member of the Apiaceae family and is an ingredient of Bakso .
webnlg reference text : Celery is a member of the Apiaceae family and is an ingredient of Bakso .
webnlg generated text : Celery is a member of the Apiaceae family and is an ingredient of Bakso .
webnlg reference text : Celery , which is part of the Apiaceae family , is an ingredient of Bakso .
webnlg generated text : One of Bakso ingredients is Celery which is a member of the Apiaceae family .
webnlg reference text : Celery is an ingredient of Bakso and is a member of the family Apiaceae .
webnlg generated text : Colombian cuisine Bandeja paisa includes Chicharrón .
webnlg reference text : An ingredient found in Bandeja paisa ( typical Colombian cuisine ) is Chicharrón .
webnlg generated text : Bandeja paisa , containing Chicharrón , is part of Colombian cuisine .
webnlg reference text : Chicharrón is one of the ingredients in Colombian cuisine @ Bandeja paisa .
webnlg generated text : Colombian cuisine Bandeja paisa includes Chicharrón .
webnlg reference text : Traditional Colombian cuisine , Bandeja paisa , includes the ingredient , Chicharrón .
webnlg generated text : Barny Cakes can be found in France whose leader is Claude Bartolone .
webnlg reference text : The country Barny Cakes come from is France where the leader is Claude Bartolone .
webnlg generated text : Barny Cakes can be found in France whose leader is Claude Bartolone .
webnlg reference text : Barny Cakes can be found in France where the leader is Claude Bartolone .
webnlg generated text : Barny Cakes can be found in France whose leader is Claude Bartolone .
webnlg reference text : Barny Cakes come from France , whose leader is Claude Bartolone .
webnlg generated text : Peanut sauce is an ingredient of Batagor which is found in Indonesia .
webnlg reference text : Peanut sauce is an ingredient of Batagor which is found in Indonesia .
webnlg generated text : Peanut sauce is an ingredient of Batagor which is found in Indonesia .
webnlg reference text : Batagor , which has Peanut sauce as an ingredient , is found in Indonesia .
webnlg generated text : Peanut sauce is an ingredient of Batagor which is found in Indonesia .
webnlg reference text : Peanut sauce is an ingredient of Batagor which comes from the country of Indonesia .
webnlg generated text : Batagor , made with Peanut sauce , is a variation of Siomay .
webnlg reference text : Batagor has Peanut sauce as an ingredient and is a variation of the Siomay dish .
webnlg generated text : Batagor is a variation of Siomay and includes Peanut sauce .
webnlg reference text : The dishes Batagor and Siomay both contain the ingredient Peanut sauce .
webnlg generated text : Batagor is a variation of Siomay and includes Peanut sauce .
webnlg reference text : Batagor is a variation of the Siomay dish and one of the ingredients is Peanut sauce .
webnlg generated text : Beef kway teow is a Singapore dish that contains Palm sugar .
webnlg reference text : Beef kway teow is a dish from the country of Singapore that had Palm sugar as an ingredient .
webnlg generated text : Palm sugar is an ingredient in Beef kway teow which is a popular dish in Singapore .
webnlg reference text : Palm sugar is an ingredient in Beef kway teow which comes from Singapore .
webnlg generated text : Beef kway teow is a Singapore dish that contains Palm sugar .
webnlg reference text : Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore , Beef kway teow includes Palm sugar .
webnlg generated text : Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore and Halimah Yacob is Singapore leader .
webnlg reference text : Beef kway teow is a popular dish from Singapore and Halimah Yacob is Singapore leader .
webnlg generated text : Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore and Halimah Yacob is Singapore leader .
webnlg reference text : Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore where Halimah Yacob is the leader .
webnlg generated text : Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore and Halimah Yacob is Singapore leader .
webnlg reference text : Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore whose leader is Halimah Yacob .
webnlg generated text : Beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in Singapore and Indonesia and the ingredients are : Kway Teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
webnlg reference text : The main ingredients in Beef kway teow made in Singapore and Indonesia are Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
webnlg generated text : Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are main ingredients in Beef kway Teow which is made in Singapore and Indonesia .
webnlg reference text : Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of Beef kway teow which is a dish found in Singapore and Indonesia .
webnlg generated text : Beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in Singapore and Indonesia and the ingredients are : Kway Teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
webnlg reference text : Beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in Singapore and Indonesia and the main ingredients are Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
webnlg generated text : Bhajji originates from India , country of Indian people .
webnlg reference text : Bhajji comes from the country India , where Indian people live .
webnlg generated text : Bhajji originates from India , country of Indian people .
webnlg reference text : Bhajji originates from India which is where Indian people are from .
webnlg generated text : Bhajji originates from India , country of Indian people .
webnlg reference text : Bhajji is a dish originating from Indian people inhabited , India .
webnlg generated text : Bhajji originates from India where the leader is T. S. Thakur .
webnlg reference text : Bhajji come from India where T. S. Thakur is the leader .
webnlg generated text : Bhajji originates from India where the leader is T. S. Thakur .
webnlg reference text : Bhajji and T. S. Thakur are from India and T. S. Thakur is the leader .
webnlg generated text : Bhajji originates from India where the leader is T. S. Thakur .
webnlg reference text : Bhajji originates from India where the leader is T. S. Thakur .
webnlg generated text : Igorot people are an ethnic group in Philippines where Binignit can be found .
webnlg reference text : Igorot people are one of the ethnic groups in Philippines where Binignit can be found .
webnlg generated text : Igorot people are an ethnic group in Philippines where Binignit can be found .
webnlg reference text : Igorot people are an ethnic group found in Philippines which is also home to Binignit .
webnlg generated text : Binignit can be found in Philippines where Igorot people are one of the ethnic groups .
webnlg reference text : Binignit is a dish from Philippines , where the ethnic group called Igorot people are found .
webnlg generated text : Binignit can be found in Philippines and one of the main ingredients is Banana .
webnlg reference text : Binignit comes from Philippines and has Banana as the main ingredient .
webnlg generated text : Banana is one of the main ingredients in Binignit which comes from Philippines .
webnlg reference text : One of the main ingredients in Binignit is Banana and Binignit can be found in Philippines .
webnlg generated text : Banana is one of the main ingredients in Binignit which comes from Philippines .
webnlg reference text : Binignit , containing Banana , can be found in Philippines .
webnlg generated text : The main ingredients of Binignit are Sweet potato and Banana .
webnlg reference text : The main ingredients of Binignit are Sweet potato and Banana .
webnlg generated text : The main ingredients of Binignit are Sweet potato and Banana .
webnlg reference text : One of the main ingredients of Binignit is Sweet potato , and Binignit also contains Banana .
webnlg generated text : The main ingredients of Binignit are Sweet potato and Banana .
webnlg reference text : The main ingredients of Binignit are Sweet potato and Banana .
webnlg generated text : Enrique Peña Nieto is the leader of Mexico , where Bionico is found .
webnlg reference text : Mexico ( led by Enrique Peña Nieto ) boasts the dish Bionico .
webnlg generated text : Enrique Peña Nieto is the leader of Mexico , where Bionico is found .
webnlg reference text : Enrique Peña Nieto is the leader of Mexico , where Bionico is found .
webnlg generated text : Bionico is a food found in Mexico where Enrique Peña Nieto is the leader .
webnlg reference text : Bionico is a food found in Mexico where Enrique Peña Nieto is a leader .
webnlg generated text : Bionico requires Granola as one of Bionico ingredients and can be found in Guadalajara .
webnlg reference text : Bionico requires Granola as one of Bionico ingredients and can be found in Guadalajara .
webnlg generated text : Bionico requires Granola as one of Bionico ingredients and can be found in Guadalajara .
webnlg reference text : Granola is a required ingredient of the Guadalajara regional dish , Bionico .
webnlg generated text : Bionico requires Granola as one of Bionico ingredients and can be found in Guadalajara .
webnlg reference text : Bionico , which contains Granola , can be found in Guadalajara .
webnlg generated text : Bionico is Dessert , as is Cake .
webnlg reference text : Bionico is served at the Dessert course , as would Cake be as a variation .
webnlg generated text : Bionico is Dessert , as is Cake .
webnlg reference text : Bionico is a dish served for Dessert as is Cake .
webnlg generated text : Cake is served as Dessert , as is Bionico .
webnlg reference text : A variation of Cake is Dessert and Bionico is one example of Cake .
webnlg generated text : Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia , where Bakso comes from .
webnlg reference text : Indonesia , where Joko Widodo is the leader , is also where Bakso comes from .
webnlg generated text : Bakso is a dish from Indonesia , where Joko Widodo is the leader .
webnlg reference text : Indonesia is the country Bakso comes from and the leader is Joko Widodo .
webnlg generated text : Batagor is a variation of Shumai which contains Shiitake .
webnlg reference text : A variation of Shumai includes Batagor which features the ingredient Shiitake .
webnlg generated text : Shiitake is an ingredient of Shumai which is a variation of Batagor .
webnlg reference text : Shiitake is an ingredient of Shumai which has a variation known as Batagor .
webnlg generated text : Shiitake is an ingredient of Shumai which is a variation of Batagor .
webnlg reference text : Shiitake is an ingredient of Shumai which is a variation of Batagor .
webnlg generated text : Aarhus Airport is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S and has a runway length of 2777.0 .
webnlg reference text : Aarhus Airport , operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S , has a runway length of 2777.0 .
webnlg generated text : Aarhus Airport is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S and has a runway length of 2777.0 .
webnlg reference text : Aarhus Lufthavn A / S is the operation organisation of Aarhus Airport which has a runway length of 2777.0 .
webnlg generated text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located at Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas at 610.0 metres above sea level .
webnlg reference text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport at Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas is 610.0 metres above sea level . .
webnlg generated text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located at Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas at 610.0 metres above sea level .
webnlg reference text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and lies 610.0 metres above sea level .
webnlg generated text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located at Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas at 610.0 metres above sea level .
webnlg reference text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located at Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is elevated 610.0 metres above sea level .
webnlg generated text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport has a runway length of 3500.0 .
webnlg reference text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in 3500.0 and has a runway length of 3500.0 .
webnlg generated text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport has a runway length of 3500.0 .
webnlg reference text : The runway length at Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is 3500.0 . Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in 3500.0 .
webnlg generated text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport has a runway length of 3500.0 .
webnlg reference text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located at 3500.0 and the runway length is 3500.0 .
webnlg generated text : Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh .
webnlg reference text : Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh , Awadh .
webnlg generated text : Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh .
webnlg reference text : Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh , which is part of Awadh .
webnlg generated text : Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh .
webnlg reference text : Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh , Awadh .
webnlg generated text : Al Asad Airbase is located at Al Anbar Province , Iraq and has a runway length of 3090.0 .
webnlg reference text : Al Asad Airbase is situated in Al Anbar Province , Iraq and has a runway length of 3090.0 .
webnlg generated text : Al Asad Airbase is located at Al Anbar Province , Iraq and has a runway length of 3090.0 .
webnlg reference text : Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province , Iraq and has a runway length of 3090.0 .
webnlg generated text : Al Asad Airbase is located at Al Anbar Province , Iraq and has a runway length of 3090.0 .
webnlg reference text : Al Asad Airbase is located at Al Anbar Province , Iraq and has a runway length is 3090.0 .
webnlg generated text : Al Asad Airbase is in Iraq where they speak Arabic .
webnlg reference text : Al Asad Airbase is in Iraq , where they speak Arabic .
webnlg generated text : Al Asad Airbase is in Iraq where they speak Arabic .
webnlg reference text : Al Asad Airbase is found in Iraq where the language is Arabic .
webnlg generated text : Al Asad Airbase is in Iraq where they speak Arabic .
webnlg reference text : Al Asad Airbase is in Iraq where Arabic is the language .
webnlg generated text : Al Asad Airbase is operated by United States Air Force who were involved in battles at Invasion of Grenada .
webnlg reference text : United States Air Force operates Al Asad Airbase and has previously fought in Invasion of Grenada .
webnlg generated text : Al Asad Airbase is operated by United States Air Force who were involved in battles at Invasion of Grenada .
webnlg reference text : Al Asad Airbase is operated by United States Air Force who were involved in battles at Invasion of Grenada .
webnlg generated text : The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae which is Monocotyledon .
webnlg reference text : Alderney Airport first runway is made from Poaceae which is from the Monocotyledon class .
webnlg generated text : The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae which is Monocotyledon .
webnlg reference text : The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae , which is in the Monocotyledon class .
webnlg generated text : The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae which is Monocotyledon .
webnlg reference text : The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae , classed as Monocotyledon .
webnlg generated text : The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Asphalt and has a length of 877.0 .
webnlg reference text : The 1st runway at Alderney Airport has an Asphalt surface and a length of 877.0 .
webnlg generated text : The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Asphalt and has a length of 877.0 .
webnlg reference text : The first runway at Alderney Airport is made of Asphalt , and Alderney Airport length is 877.0 .
webnlg generated text : Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan where the leader is Anwar Zaheer Jamali .
webnlg reference text : Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan where Anwar Zaheer Jamali is a leader .
webnlg generated text : Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan where the leader is Anwar Zaheer Jamali .
webnlg reference text : Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan who 's leader is Anwar Zaheer Jamali .
webnlg generated text : Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan where the leader is Anwar Zaheer Jamali .
webnlg reference text : Pakistan is home to Allama Iqbal International Airport and is led by Anwar Zaheer Jamali .
webnlg generated text : Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan and has a runway length of 2900.0 .
webnlg reference text : Located in Punjab , Pakistan , Allama Iqbal International Airport has a runway length of 2900.0 .
webnlg generated text : Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan and has a runway length of 2900.0 .
webnlg reference text : Allama Iqbal International Airport is found in Punjab , Pakistan and has a runway length of 2900.0 .
webnlg generated text : Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 metres above sea level and the length of the first runway is 3800 metres .
webnlg reference text : Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 metres above sea level and Amsterdam Airport Schiphol first runway has a length of 3800 meters .
webnlg generated text : Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 metres above sea level and the length of the first runway is 3800 metres .
webnlg reference text : Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 from sea level and the length of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol first runway is 3800 metres .
webnlg generated text : Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 metres above sea level and the length of the first runway is 3800 metres .
webnlg reference text : Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 metres above sea level , the runway is 3800 long .
webnlg generated text : Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level and the 1st runway has an Asphalt surface .
webnlg reference text : Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 metres above sea level and the first runway is made of Asphalt .
webnlg generated text : Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014.0 .
webnlg reference text : Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014.0 .
webnlg generated text : Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300.0 .
webnlg reference text : Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves Amsterdam and the runway length is 3300.0 .
webnlg generated text : Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where Houston is the largest city .
webnlg reference text : Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where Houston is the largest city .
webnlg generated text : Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where Houston is the largest city .
webnlg reference text : Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the largest city is Houston .
webnlg generated text : Angola International Airport serves Luanda and Angola International Airport runway is 3800.0 long .
webnlg reference text : The city of Luanda is served by Angola International Airport which has a runway that is 3800.0 long .
webnlg generated text : Angola International Airport serves Luanda and Angola International Airport runway is 3800.0 long .
webnlg reference text : The runway length of Angola International Airport , which serves the city of Luanda , is 3800.0 .
webnlg generated text : Angola International Airport serves Luanda and Angola International Airport runway is 3800.0 long .
webnlg reference text : Angola International Airport serves Luanda and Angola International Airport runway is 3800.0 long .
webnlg generated text : The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae and has a length of 597.0 .
webnlg reference text : The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae , and Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) length is 597.0 .
webnlg generated text : The runway length of Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is 597.0 and the 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae .
webnlg reference text : The runway length of Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is 597.0 and Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) 3rd runway has a surface type of Poaceae .
webnlg generated text : Ashgabat International Airport 1st runway has a length of 12467 feet and is 211 metres above sea level .
webnlg reference text : The 1st runway at Ashgabat International Airport is 12467 feet in length and Ashgabat International Airport is elevated 211 metres above sea level .
webnlg generated text : Ashgabat International Airport is 211 metres above sea level and the 1st runway has a length of 12467 feet .
webnlg reference text : Ashgabat International Airport is 211 metres above sea level and Ashgabat International Airport first runway has a length of 12467 feet .
webnlg generated text : Ashgabat International Airport is 211 metres above sea level and the 1st runway has a length of 12467 feet .
webnlg reference text : Ashgabat International Airport is elevated 211 metres above sea level and the first runway has a length of 12467 feet .
webnlg generated text : Turkmenistan Airlines have headquarters in Turkmenistan and are the operating organisation for Ashgabat International Airport .
webnlg reference text : Turkmenistan Airlines , which is headquartered in Turkmenistan , is the operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport .
webnlg generated text : Turkmenistan Airlines have headquarters in Turkmenistan and are the operating organisation for Ashgabat International Airport .
webnlg reference text : The headquarters of Turkmenistan Airlines are located in Turkmenistan and Turkmenistan Airlines are the operating organisation for Ashgabat International Airport .
webnlg generated text : The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport is called Turkmenistan Airlines whose headquarters are in Turkersonistan .
webnlg reference text : Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines , the headquarters of which are located in Turkmenistan .
webnlg generated text : Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States .
webnlg reference text : Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States .
webnlg generated text : Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States .
webnlg reference text : Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States .
webnlg generated text : Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States .
webnlg reference text : Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , in United States .
webnlg generated text : 4/22 is the runway name of Atlantic City International Airport which is operated by Port Authority of New York and New Jersey .
webnlg reference text : 4/22 is the runway name of Atlantic City International Airport which is operated by Port Authority of New York and New Jersey .
webnlg generated text : Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International Airport which has the runway name of 4/22 .
webnlg reference text : Port Authority of New York and New Jersey operate the Atlantic City International Airport which has a runway known as 4/22 .
webnlg generated text : Atlantic City International Airport , which has a runway length of 3048.0 , is operated by Port Authority of New York and New Jersey .
webnlg reference text : Atlantic City International Airport , ( runway length 3048.0 ) , is operated by Port Authority of New York and New Jersey .
webnlg generated text : Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International Airport which has a runway length of 3048.0 .
webnlg reference text : Operated by Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , Atlantic City International Airport has a runway which is 3048.0 long .
webnlg generated text : Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero located in Brasília .
webnlg reference text : Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero which is in Brasília .
webnlg generated text : Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero located in Brasília .
webnlg reference text : Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero , Brasília .
webnlg generated text : Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero located in Brasília .
webnlg reference text : The operating organization for Afonso Pena International Airport is Infraero in Brasília .
webnlg generated text : 108 St Georges Terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors .
webnlg reference text : 108 St Georges Terrace was completed in 1988 and has a floor count of 50 .
webnlg generated text : 108 St Georges Terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors .
webnlg reference text : 108 St Georges Terrace , completed in 1988 , has 50 floors .
webnlg generated text : 108 St Georges Terrace has 50 floors and was completed in 1988 .
webnlg reference text : 108 St Georges Terrace has a floor count of 50 and was completed in 1988 .
webnlg generated text : 200 Public Square is located in United States and has 45 floors .
webnlg reference text : 200 Public Square , located in United States , has 45 floors .
webnlg generated text : 200 Public Square is located in United States and has 45 floors .
webnlg reference text : 200 Public Square in United States has a floor count of 45 .
webnlg generated text : There are 45 floors at 200 Public Square in United States .
webnlg reference text : There are 45 floors of 200 Public Square in United States .
webnlg generated text : 20 Fenchurch Street has a floor area of 62145.3 ( square metres ) and 34 floors .
webnlg reference text : 20 Fenchurch Street has an area of 62145.3 ( square metres ) and 34 floors .
webnlg generated text : 20 Fenchurch Street has 34 floors and floor area of 62145.3 ( square metres ) .
webnlg reference text : 20 Fenchurch Street has 34 floors and has a floor area of 62145.3 ( square metres ) .
webnlg generated text : 20 Fenchurch Street has 34 floors and floor area of 62145.3 ( square metres ) .
webnlg reference text : 20 Fenchurch Street has 34 floors and 62145.3 ( square metres ) .
webnlg generated text : 300 North LaSalle has 60 floors and is located in Chicago .
webnlg reference text : There are 60 floors at 300 North LaSalle , which is located in Chicago .
webnlg generated text : 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago and has 60 floors .
webnlg reference text : 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago and has 60 floors .
webnlg generated text : 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago and has 60 floors .
webnlg reference text : 300 North LaSalle , Chicago , has 60 floors .
webnlg generated text : 320 South Boston Building was designed by George Winkler , United States .
webnlg reference text : George Winkler is the architect of 320 South Boston Building and is from United States .
webnlg generated text : The United States architect George Winkler designed 320 South Boston Building .
webnlg reference text : George Winkler , from United States , was the architect of 320 South Boston Building .
webnlg generated text : The United States architect George Winkler designed 320 South Boston Building .
webnlg reference text : George Winkler , from United States , was the architect of 320 South Boston Building .
webnlg generated text : 3Arena , designed by HOK SVE , is located at East Link Bridge .
webnlg reference text : HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena , located on East Link Bridge .
webnlg generated text : 3Arena , designed by HOK SVE , is located at East Link Bridge .
webnlg reference text : 3Arena , created by architect HOK SVE , is located at East Link Bridge .
webnlg generated text : 3Arena , designed by HOK SVE , is located at East Link Bridge .
webnlg reference text : HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena , wich is located at East Link Bridge .
webnlg generated text : Populous ( company ) were the architects of 3Arena in Dublin .
webnlg reference text : 3Arena , which was designed by the architect Populous ( company ) , is located in Dublin .
webnlg generated text : Populous ( company ) were the architects of 3Arena in Dublin .
webnlg reference text : 3Arena , designed by Populous ( company ) , is located in Dublin .
webnlg generated text : 3Arena in Dublin was designed by Populous ( company ) .
webnlg reference text : 3Arena is located in Dublin , which was built by Populous ( company ) .
webnlg generated text : Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Copenhagen .
webnlg reference text : Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen and is located in Copenhagen .
webnlg generated text : The tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Copenhagen is Marriott International .
webnlg reference text : The tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , located in Copenhagen , is Marriott International .
webnlg generated text : Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Copenhagen .
webnlg reference text : Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which is located in Copenhagen .
webnlg generated text : Adare Manor was designed by George Richard Pain and completed in 1862 .
webnlg reference text : Adare Manor architect was George Richard Pain and Adare Manor was completed in 1862 .
webnlg generated text : Adare Manor was designed by George Richard Pain and completed in 1862 .
webnlg reference text : The architect George Richard Pain completed Adare Manor in 1862 .
webnlg generated text : Adare Manor is located in Adare , County Limerick .
webnlg reference text : Adare Manor is found in Adare , County Limerick .
webnlg generated text : Adare Manor is located in Adare , County Limerick .
webnlg reference text : Adare Manor is located in Adare , in County Limerick .
webnlg generated text : Adare Manor is located in Adare , County Limerick .
webnlg reference text : Adare Manor , Adare is in County Limerick .
webnlg generated text : Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Abiba , Ethiopia .
webnlg reference text : Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia .
webnlg generated text : Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Abiba , Ethiopia .
webnlg reference text : Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia .
webnlg generated text : Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka and has Tudor Revival architecture .
webnlg reference text : Adisham Hall in Haputale , Sri Lanka is built in the Tudor Revival architecture style .
webnlg generated text : Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka and has Tudor Revival architecture .
webnlg reference text : Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka and is Tudor Revival architecture in style .
webnlg generated text : Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka and has Tudor Revival architecture .
webnlg reference text : Adisham Hall which is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka has the architectural style Tudor Revival architecture .
webnlg generated text : Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka and has Tudor Revival architecture .
webnlg reference text : Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka and has the architectural style Tudor Revival architecture .
webnlg generated text : Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka and has Tudor Revival architecture .
webnlg reference text : Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka and Adisham Hall architectural style is Tudor Revival architecture .
webnlg generated text : Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka and has Tudor Revival architecture .
webnlg reference text : Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka and Adisham Hall architectural style is Tudor Revival architecture .
webnlg generated text : Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan , which has Brazilians in Japan as one of Japan ethnic groups .
webnlg reference text : Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan , which has as one of Japan ethnic groups Brazilians in Japan .
webnlg generated text : Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan , which has Brazilians in Japan as one of Japan ethnic groups .
webnlg reference text : Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan where some Brazilians in Japan are found .
webnlg generated text : Brazilians in Japan are one of the ethnic groups in Japan where Akita Museum of Art is located .
webnlg reference text : Brazilians in Japan are one of the ethnic groups in Japan where Akita Museum of Art is located .
webnlg generated text : Akita Museum of Art is located at 1 - 4 - 2 Nakadori and has 3 floors .
webnlg reference text : Akita Museum of Art is located at 1 - 4 - 2 Nakadori and has 3 floors .
webnlg generated text : Akita Museum of Art is located at 1 - 4 - 2 Nakadori and has 3 floors .
webnlg reference text : Akita Museum of Art , found at 1 - 4 - 2 Nakadori , has 3 floors .
webnlg generated text : The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus , near CEPT University , opp . Gujarat University , University Road , Gujarat .
webnlg reference text : The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus , near CEPT University , opp . Gujarat University , University Road , Gujarat .
webnlg generated text : The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus , near CEPT University , opp . Gujarat University , University Road , Gujarat .
webnlg reference text : Amdavad ni Gufa is at Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus , near CEPT University , opp . Gujarat University , University Road in Gujarat .
webnlg generated text : Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province , Sri Lanka which is lead by Austin Fernando .
webnlg reference text : Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province , Sri Lanka whose leader is Austin Fernando .
webnlg generated text : Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province , Sri Lanka which is lead by Austin Fernando .
webnlg reference text : Ampara Hospital is located in Eastern Province , Sri Lanka whose leader is Austin Fernando .
webnlg generated text : Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City in United States .
webnlg reference text : Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , United States .
webnlg generated text : Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City in United States .
webnlg reference text : Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City which is in United States .
webnlg generated text : Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , of which Brooklyn is a part .
webnlg reference text : Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , of which Brooklyn is a part .
webnlg generated text : Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , of which Brooklyn is a part .
webnlg reference text : Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City which contains Brooklyn .
webnlg generated text : Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , of which Brooklyn is a part .
webnlg reference text : Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , which Brooklyn is a part of .
webnlg generated text : Adare Manor is located in County Limerick , which is part of Munster .
webnlg reference text : Adare Manor can be found in County Limerick , which is part of Munster .
webnlg generated text : Adare Manor is located in County Limerick , Munster .
webnlg reference text : Adare Manor is located in County Limerick which is part of Munster .
webnlg generated text : Adare Manor is located in County Limerick , which is part of Munster .
webnlg reference text : Adare Manor is located in County Limerick , which is part of Munster .
webnlg generated text : 3Arena is located in Dublin , Republic of Ireland .
webnlg reference text : 3Arena is in Dublin which is part of Republic of Ireland .
webnlg generated text : 3Arena is located in Dublin , Republic of Ireland .
webnlg reference text : 3Arena is located in Dublin in Republic of Ireland .
webnlg generated text : 3Arena is located in Dublin , Republic of Ireland .
webnlg reference text : 3Arena is located in Dublin , which is part of Republic of Ireland .
webnlg generated text : Pecorino Romano is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce .
webnlg reference text : Pecorino Romano is an ingredient used in Amatriciana sauce .
webnlg generated text : Pecorino Romano is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce .
webnlg reference text : Pecorino Romano is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce .
webnlg generated text : Chili pepper is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce .
webnlg reference text : An important ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce is Chili pepper .
webnlg generated text : Chili pepper is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce .
webnlg reference text : Chili pepper serves as an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce .
webnlg generated text : White rice is an ingredient in Arròs negre .
webnlg reference text : Arròs negre contains White rice as an ingredient .
webnlg generated text : White rice is an ingredient in Arròs negre .
webnlg reference text : White rice is an ingredient in Arròs negre .
webnlg generated text : Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region .
webnlg reference text : Arròs negre is from the region of Catalonia .
webnlg generated text : Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region .
webnlg reference text : Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region .
webnlg generated text : Arròs negre comes from the region of Valencian Community .
webnlg reference text : Arròs negre comes from the region of Valencian Community .
webnlg generated text : Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore .
webnlg reference text : Ayam penyet is a dish from the region of Singapore .
webnlg generated text : Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore .
webnlg reference text : Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore .
webnlg generated text : Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore .
webnlg reference text : Ayam penyet is from the Singapore region .
webnlg generated text : Tomato is an ingredient in BLT .
webnlg reference text : Tomato is an ingredient in BLT .
webnlg generated text : Tomato is an ingredient in BLT .
webnlg reference text : one of the ingredients of BLT is Tomato .
webnlg generated text : Baked Alaska is also served in Hong Kong .
webnlg reference text : Baked Alaska is served in the region of Hong Kong .
webnlg generated text : Baked Alaska is served in Hong Kong .
webnlg reference text : Baked Alaska hails from Hong Kong .
webnlg generated text : Bakewell pudding can be served Warm or cold .
webnlg reference text : Bakewell pudding can be served Warm or cold .
webnlg generated text : Bakewell pudding can be served Warm or cold .
webnlg reference text : Bakewell pudding can be served Warm or cold .
webnlg generated text : Bandeja paisa is a dish from Colombian cuisine .
webnlg reference text : Bandeja paisa is a dish from Colombian cuisine .
webnlg generated text : Bandeja paisa is a dish from Colombian cuisine .
webnlg reference text : Bandeja paisa is typical Colombian cuisine .
webnlg generated text : Bandeja paisa is a dish from Colombian cuisine .
webnlg reference text : Bandeja paisa is part of Colombian cuisine .
webnlg generated text : Chicharrón is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa .
webnlg reference text : Chicharrón is one of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa .
webnlg generated text : Chicharrón is one of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa .
webnlg reference text : An ingredient found in Bandeja paisa is Chicharrón .
webnlg generated text : Bandeja paisa originates from Paisa Region .
webnlg reference text : Bandeja paisa originates from Paisa Region .
webnlg generated text : Bandeja paisa originates from Paisa Region .
webnlg reference text : Bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from Paisa Region .
webnlg generated text : Bandeja paisa originates from Paisa Region .
webnlg reference text : Bandeja paisa is from Paisa Region .
webnlg generated text : Barny Cakes can be served in 30.0 g sizes .
webnlg reference text : Barny Cakes can be served in 30.0 g sizes .
webnlg generated text : Barny Cakes can be served in 30.0 g sizes .
webnlg reference text : Serving size for Barny Cakes is 30.0 g .
webnlg generated text : Barny Cakes can be served in 30.0 g sizes .
webnlg reference text : The serving size of Barny Cakes is 30.0 g .
webnlg generated text : Shumai is a variation of Batagor .
webnlg reference text : Batagor and Shumai are variations on the same dish .
webnlg generated text : Shumai is a variation of Batagor .
webnlg reference text : Shumai is a variation of Batagor .
webnlg generated text : Shumai is a variation of Batagor .
webnlg reference text : Batagor is a variation of Shumai .
webnlg generated text : Batagor includes fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
webnlg reference text : Batagor consists of fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
webnlg generated text : Batagor includes fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
webnlg reference text : Batagor has these main ingredients - fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
webnlg generated text : Batagor includes fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
webnlg reference text : Batagor main ingredients are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
webnlg generated text : Shrimp is an ingredient in Batchoy .
webnlg reference text : Shrimp is an ingredient in Batchoy .
webnlg generated text : Shrimp is an ingredient in Batchoy .
webnlg reference text : one of the ingredients for Batchoy is Shrimp .
webnlg generated text : Beef kway teow is a dish found in Indonesia .
webnlg reference text : Beef kway teow is a food found in Indonesia .
webnlg generated text : Beef kway teow is a dish found in Indonesia .
webnlg reference text : Beef kway teow comes from the region of Indonesia .
webnlg generated text : Beef kway teow is a dish found in Indonesia .
webnlg reference text : Beef kway teow is served in the region of Indonesia .
webnlg generated text : Bhaji , bajji are alternative names for Bhajji .
webnlg reference text : Bhaji , bajji are alternative names for Bhajji .
webnlg generated text : Bhaji , bajji are alternative names for Bhajji .
webnlg reference text : Bhajji is also known as Bhaji , bajji .
webnlg generated text : Taro is an ingredient in Binignit .
webnlg reference text : Binignit is an ingredient found in Taro .
webnlg generated text : Taro is an ingredient in Binignit .
webnlg reference text : Taro is an ingredient in Binignit .
webnlg generated text : Taro is an ingredient in Binignit .
webnlg reference text : Taro is an ingredient of Binignit .
webnlg generated text : Bionico can be varied by using Cottage cheese .
webnlg reference text : Bionico can be varied by using Cottage cheese .
webnlg generated text : Bionico comes from the Jalisco region .
webnlg reference text : Bionico is found in the region of Jalisco .
webnlg generated text : Bionico comes from the Jalisco region .
webnlg reference text : Bionico comes from the region Jalisco .
webnlg generated text : Chicken is a type of Bird .
webnlg reference text : Chicken is a type of Bird .
webnlg generated text : Chicken is a type of Bird .
webnlg reference text : the class of Chicken is Bird .
webnlg generated text : The currency of India is Indian rupee .
webnlg reference text : The currency of India is Indian rupee .
webnlg generated text : The currency of India is Indian rupee .
webnlg reference text : Indian rupee is the currency in India .
webnlg generated text : The currency of India is Indian rupee .
webnlg reference text : Indian rupee is the currency in India .
webnlg generated text : Sumitra Mahajan is a leader in India .
webnlg reference text : Sumitra Mahajan is a leader in India .
webnlg generated text : Sumitra Mahajan is a leader in India .
webnlg reference text : Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India .
webnlg generated text : Indonesian language is the language spoken in Indonesia .
webnlg reference text : Indonesian language is the language spoken in Indonesia .
webnlg generated text : Indonesian language is the language spoken in Indonesia .
webnlg reference text : Indonesian language is the language of Indonesia .
webnlg generated text : Aristóteles Sandoval is the leader of Jalisco .
webnlg reference text : Aristóteles Sandoval is a leader of Jalisco .
webnlg generated text : Aristóteles Sandoval is the leader of Jalisco .
webnlg reference text : Aristóteles Sandoval is a leader in Jalisco .
webnlg generated text : Aristóteles Sandoval is the leader of Jalisco .
webnlg reference text : Aristóteles Sandoval is the leader of Jalisco .
webnlg generated text : Banyumasan people are an ethnic group from Java .
webnlg reference text : Banyumasan people are an ethnic group from Java .
webnlg generated text : Banyumasan people are an ethnic group from Java .
webnlg reference text : Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in Java .
webnlg generated text : Banyumasan people are an ethnic group from Java .
webnlg reference text : Banyumasan people is one of the ethnic groups in Java .
webnlg generated text : Malaysian Malay is an ethnic group from Malaysia .
webnlg reference text : Malaysian Malay is the ethnic group of Malaysia .
webnlg generated text : Malaysian Malay is an ethnic group from Malaysia .
webnlg reference text : Malaysian Malay is an ethnic group in Malaysia .
webnlg generated text : Malaysian Malay is an ethnic group from Malaysia .
webnlg reference text : Malaysian Malay is an ethnic group in Malaysia .
webnlg generated text : Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico .
webnlg reference text : The leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo .
webnlg generated text : Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico .
webnlg reference text : The name of the leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo .
webnlg generated text : Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico .
webnlg reference text : The name of the leader in Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo .
webnlg generated text : Spanish language is one of the languages spoken in New York .
webnlg reference text : Spanish language is one of the languages spoken in New York .
webnlg generated text : Spanish language is one of the languages spoken in New York .
webnlg reference text : one of the languages of New York is Spanish language .
webnlg generated text : Shumai is a dish from China .
webnlg reference text : China is the country Shumai comes from .
webnlg generated text : Shumai is a dish from China .
webnlg reference text : Shumai is a dish from China .
webnlg generated text : Peanut sauce is an ingredient in Siomay .
webnlg reference text : Peanut sauce is an ingredient in Siomay .
webnlg generated text : Peanut sauce is an ingredient in Siomay .
webnlg reference text : Peanut sauce is an ingredient of Siomay .
webnlg generated text : Malays ( ethnic group ) are an ethnic group in Sumatra .
webnlg reference text : Malays ( ethnic group ) are an ethnic group of Sumatra .
webnlg generated text : Malays ( ethnic group ) are an ethnic group of Sumatra .
webnlg reference text : Malays ( ethnic group ) are an ethnic group in Sumatra .
webnlg generated text : David Cameron is the leader of United Kingdom .
webnlg reference text : David Cameron is the leader of United Kingdom .
webnlg generated text : David Cameron is the leader of United Kingdom .
webnlg reference text : David Cameron is a leader in United Kingdom .
webnlg generated text : David Cameron is the leader of United Kingdom .
webnlg reference text : David Cameron is the leader of United Kingdom .
webnlg generated text : Abilene , Texas is served by Abilene Regional Airport .
webnlg reference text : Abilene , Texas is served by Abilene Regional Airport .
webnlg generated text : Abilene , Texas is served by Abilene Regional Airport .
webnlg reference text : Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene , Texas .
webnlg generated text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located at Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas .
webnlg reference text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport can be found in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas .
webnlg generated text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located at Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas .
webnlg reference text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located at Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas .
webnlg generated text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located at Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas .
webnlg reference text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas .
webnlg generated text : 18L/36R is the runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport .
webnlg reference text : The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is 18L/36R .
webnlg generated text : 18L/36R is the runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport .
webnlg reference text : The runway name at Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is 18L/36R .
webnlg generated text : 18L/36R is the runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport .
webnlg reference text : The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is 18L/36R .
webnlg generated text : Afonso Pena International Airport ICAO location identifier is SBCT .
webnlg reference text : Afonso Pena International Airport ICAO Location Idenitifier is SBCT .
webnlg generated text : Afonso Pena International Airport ICAO location identifier is SBCT .
webnlg reference text : SBCT is the ICAO location identifier of Afonso Pena International Airport .
webnlg generated text : Afonso Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba .
webnlg reference text : Afonso Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba .
webnlg generated text : Afonso Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba .
webnlg reference text : Afonso Pena International Airport serves Curitiba .
webnlg generated text : Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah .
webnlg reference text : Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah .
webnlg generated text : Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah .
webnlg reference text : Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah .
webnlg generated text : Al - Taqaddum Air Base has a runway length of 3684.0 .
webnlg reference text : The runway length of Al - Taqaddum Air Base is 3684.0 .
webnlg generated text : Al - Taqaddum Air Base has a runway length of 3684.0 .
webnlg reference text : The length of the runway at Al - Taqaddum Air Base is 3684.0 .
webnlg generated text : Alderney Airport runway name is 14/32 .
webnlg reference text : Alderney Airport runway name is 14/32 .
webnlg generated text : Alderney Airport runway name is 14/32 .
webnlg reference text : 14/32 is the runway name of Alderney Airport .
webnlg generated text : Alderney Airport runway name is 14/32 .
webnlg reference text : The runway name of Alderney Airport is 14/32 .
webnlg generated text : Allama Iqbal International Airport has a runway length of 3360.12 .
webnlg reference text : The runway length at Allama Iqbal International Airport is 3360.12 .
webnlg generated text : Allama Iqbal International Airport has a runway length of 3360.12 .
webnlg reference text : The runway at Allama Iqbal International Airport has a length of 3360.12 .
webnlg generated text : Allama Iqbal International Airport has a runway length of 3360.12 .
webnlg reference text : The runway at Allama Iqbal International Airport is 3360.12 long .
webnlg generated text : The first runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is known as 18 .
webnlg reference text : The first runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is known as Number 18 .
webnlg generated text : The first runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is known as 18 .
webnlg reference text : Amsterdam Airport Schiphol 1st runway number is 18 .
webnlg generated text : The first runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is known as 18 .
webnlg reference text : The number of the 1st runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 18 .
webnlg generated text : The 5th runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol has an Asphalt surface .
webnlg reference text : The 5th runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol has an Asphalt surfacing .
webnlg generated text : The 5th runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol has an Asphalt surface .
webnlg reference text : The fifth runway of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol has an Asphalt surface .
webnlg generated text : The 5th runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol has an Asphalt surface .
webnlg reference text : The 5th runway of the Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is Asphalt .
webnlg generated text : Amsterdam Airport Schiphol runway name is 06/24 Kaagbaan .
webnlg reference text : Amsterdam Airport Schiphol runway name is 06/24 Kaagbaan .
webnlg generated text : Amsterdam Airport Schiphol runway name is 06/24 Kaagbaan .
webnlg reference text : 06/24 Kaagbaan is the runway name of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol .
webnlg generated text : Amsterdam Airport Schiphol runway name is 06/24 Kaagbaan .
webnlg reference text : The runway name of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 06/24 Kaagbaan .
webnlg generated text : Andrews County Airport is 973.0 above sea level .
webnlg reference text : Andrews County Airport is 973.0 metres above sea level .
webnlg generated text : Andrews County Airport is 973.0 above sea level .
webnlg reference text : Andrews County Airport is 973.0 above sea level .
webnlg generated text : Andrews County Airport is owned by Andrews County , Texas .
webnlg reference text : Andrews County Airport is owned by Andrews County , Texas .
webnlg generated text : Andrews County Airport is owned by Andrews County , Texas .
webnlg reference text : The owner of Andrews County Airport is Andrews County , Texas .
webnlg generated text : Andrews County Airport is owned by Andrews County , Texas .
webnlg reference text : Andrews County Airport is owned by Andrews County , Texas .
webnlg generated text : The runway length of Andrews County Airport is 896.0 .
webnlg reference text : The runway length of Andrews County Airport is 896.0 .
webnlg generated text : The first runway at Angola International Airport is made of Asphalt .
webnlg reference text : Angola International Airport is the first runway made of Asphalt .
webnlg generated text : The first runway at Angola International Airport is made of Asphalt .
webnlg reference text : Asphalt is the surface of the first runway of Angola International Airport .
webnlg generated text : The first runway at Angola International Airport is made of Asphalt .
webnlg reference text : The 1st runway at Angola International Airport has an Asphalt surface .
webnlg generated text : Antwerp International Airport is 12.0 above sea level .
webnlg reference text : Antwerp International Airport is 12.0 metres above sea level .
webnlg generated text : Antwerp International Airport is 12.0 above sea level .
webnlg reference text : Antwerp International Airport has an elevation of 12.0 metres above sea level . e .
webnlg generated text : Antwerp International Airport is operated by Flemish Government .
webnlg reference text : The Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government .
webnlg generated text : Antwerp International Airport is operated by Flemish Government .
webnlg reference text : The operating organisation of Antwerp International Airport is Flemish Government .
webnlg generated text : Antwerp International Airport is operated by Flemish Government .
webnlg reference text : Antwerp International Airport is operated by Flemish Government .
webnlg generated text : Appleton International Airport runway length is 2439.0 .
webnlg reference text : The runway length of Appleton International Airport is 2439.0 .
webnlg generated text : Appleton International Airport runway length is 2439.0 .
webnlg reference text : The runway length of Appleton International Airport is 2439.0 .
webnlg generated text : Appleton International Airport runway length is 2439.0 .
webnlg reference text : The runway length of Appleton International Airport is 2439.0 .
webnlg generated text : The runway length of Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is 518.0 .
webnlg reference text : Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) runway length is 518.0 .
webnlg generated text : The runway length of Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is 518.0 .
webnlg reference text : The runway length of Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is 518.0 .
webnlg generated text : The runway length of Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is 518.0 .
webnlg reference text : The runway length of Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is 518.0 .
webnlg generated text : The ICAO Location Identifier of Ashgabat International Airport is UTAA .
webnlg reference text : UTAA is the ICAO Location Identifier of Ashgabat International Airport .
webnlg generated text : The ICAO Location Identifier of Ashgabat International Airport is UTAA .
webnlg reference text : The ICAO Location Identifier of Ashgabat International Airport is UTAA .
webnlg generated text : Ashgabat International Airport runway name is 11/29 .
webnlg reference text : The runway name of Ashgabat International Airport is 11/29 .
webnlg generated text : Ashgabat International Airport runway name is 11/29 .
webnlg reference text : The runway name at Ashgabat International Airport is 11/29 .
webnlg generated text : Atlantic City International Airport owner is South Jersey Transportation Authority .
webnlg reference text : Atlantic City International Airport owner is South Jersey Transportation Authority .
webnlg generated text : Atlantic City International Airport owner is South Jersey Transportation Authority .
webnlg reference text : South Jersey Transportation Authority is the owner of Atlantic City International Airport .
webnlg generated text : Atlantic City International Airport owner is South Jersey Transportation Authority .
webnlg reference text : Atlantic City International Airport is owned by South Jersey Transportation Authority .
webnlg generated text : 13/31 is the runway name of Atlantic City International Airport .
webnlg reference text : The name of the runway at Atlantic City International Airport is 13/31 .
webnlg generated text : 13/31 is the runway name of Atlantic City International Airport .
webnlg reference text : 13/31 is the runway name for Atlantic City International Airport .
webnlg generated text : 13/31 is the runway name of Atlantic City International Airport .
webnlg reference text : Atlantic City International Airport runway name is 13/31 .
webnlg generated text : The language of Belgium is Dutch language .
webnlg reference text : Dutch language is spoken in Belgium .
webnlg generated text : The Dutch language is spoken in Belgium .
webnlg reference text : Dutch language is the language spoken in Belgium .
webnlg generated text : The language of Belgium is Dutch language .
webnlg reference text : Belgium language is Dutch language .
webnlg generated text : Curitiba is part of South Region , Brazil .
webnlg reference text : Curitiba is part of South Region , Brazil .
webnlg generated text : The people of Denmark are Danes .
webnlg reference text : Denmark demonym is Danes .
webnlg generated text : The demonym for the people of Denmark is Danes .
webnlg reference text : The inhabitants of Denmark have the demonym of Danes .
webnlg generated text : The people of Denmark are Danes .
webnlg reference text : The people of Denmark are called Danes .
webnlg generated text : Fallujah is in the country of Iraq .
webnlg reference text : Fallujah is in the country of Iraq .
webnlg generated text : Fallujah is in the country of Iraq .
webnlg reference text : Fallujah is located in the country of Iraq .
webnlg generated text : Fallujah is in the country of Iraq .
webnlg reference text : Fallujah is in Iraq .
webnlg generated text : Greenville , Wisconsin is in United States .
webnlg reference text : Greenville , Wisconsin is in United States .
webnlg generated text : Greenville , Wisconsin is in United States .
webnlg reference text : Greenville , Wisconsin is located in United States .
webnlg generated text : Greenville , Wisconsin is in United States .
webnlg reference text : Greenville , Wisconsin is in United States .
webnlg generated text : Greenville , Wisconsin is part of Grand Chute , Wisconsin .
webnlg reference text : Greenville , Wisconsin is part of Grand Chute , Wisconsin .
webnlg generated text : Greenville , Wisconsin is part of Grand Chute , Wisconsin .
webnlg reference text : Greenville , Wisconsin is in Grand Chute , Wisconsin .
webnlg generated text : Greenville , Wisconsin is part of Grand Chute , Wisconsin .
webnlg reference text : Greenville , Wisconsin is part of Grand Chute , Wisconsin .
webnlg generated text : The language of Iraq is Arabic .
webnlg reference text : Iraq language is Arabic .
webnlg generated text : The language of Iraq is Arabic .
webnlg reference text : Arabic is the language in Iraq .
webnlg generated text : Madrid is a city in Spain .
webnlg reference text : Madrid is in the country of Spain .
webnlg generated text : Madrid is a city in Spain .
webnlg reference text : The city of Madrid is found in Spain .
webnlg generated text : Madrid is a city in Spain .
webnlg reference text : Madrid is located in Spain .
webnlg generated text : Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan is part of United States .
webnlg reference text : Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan is part of United States .
webnlg generated text : Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan is part of United States .
webnlg reference text : Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan is part of United States .
webnlg generated text : Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader of Pakistan .
webnlg reference text : The leader of Pakistan is Sardar Ayaz Sadiq .
webnlg generated text : Port Authority of New York and New Jersey serves the New Jersey region .
webnlg reference text : New Jersey is a region served by Port Authority of New York and New Jersey .
webnlg generated text : Port Authority of New York and New Jersey serves the New Jersey region .
webnlg reference text : Port Authority of New York and New Jersey serves New Jersey .
webnlg generated text : Port Authority of New York and New Jersey serves the New Jersey region .
webnlg reference text : Port Authority of New York and New Jersey serves the region of New Jersey .
webnlg generated text : Houston is the largest city in Texas .
webnlg reference text : Houston is the largest city in Texas .
webnlg generated text : United States Air Force fought in 1986 United States bombing of Libya .
webnlg reference text : United States Air Force was involved in 1986 United States bombing of Libya .
webnlg generated text : United States Air Force fought in 1986 United States bombing of Libya .
webnlg reference text : United States Air Force was fighting in 1986 United States bombing of Libya .
webnlg generated text : United States Air Force fought in 1986 United States bombing of Libya .
webnlg reference text : 1986 United States bombing of Libya was carried out by United States Air Force .
webnlg generated text : United States Air Force deploy the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft .
webnlg reference text : United States Air Force has a Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft .
webnlg generated text : Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft in United States Air Force .
webnlg reference text : Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft of United States Air Force .
webnlg generated text : 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa .
webnlg reference text : 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa .
webnlg generated text : 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa .
webnlg reference text : The address , 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa .
webnlg generated text : 250 Delaware Avenue has Postmodern architecture .
webnlg reference text : 250 Delaware Avenue has the Postmodern architecture of architecture .
webnlg generated text : 250 Delaware Avenue has Postmodern architecture .
webnlg reference text : The architectural style of 250 Delaware Avenue is Postmodern architecture .
webnlg generated text : 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago .
webnlg reference text : 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago .
webnlg generated text : George Winkler was the architect of 320 South Boston Building .
webnlg reference text : George Winkler was the architect of 320 South Boston Building .
webnlg generated text : George Winkler was the architect of 320 South Boston Building .
webnlg reference text : George Winkler is the architect of 320 South Boston Building .
webnlg generated text : The building of 320 South Boston Building started in 1910 .
webnlg reference text : The building of 320 South Boston Building started in 1910 .
webnlg generated text : The building of 320 South Boston Building started in 1910 .
webnlg reference text : Construction of 320 South Boston Building began in 1910 .
webnlg generated text : AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen has 814 rooms .
webnlg reference text : AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen has 814 rooms .
webnlg generated text : AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen has 814 rooms .
webnlg reference text : The number of rooms in AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is 814 .
webnlg generated text : The architects James Pain and George Richard Pain , designed Adare Manor .
webnlg reference text : James Pain and George Richard Pain , designed Adare Manor .
webnlg generated text : The architects James Pain and George Richard Pain , designed Adare Manor .
webnlg reference text : James Pain and George Richard Pain , are the architects of Adare Manor .
webnlg generated text : The architects James Pain and George Richard Pain , designed Adare Manor .
webnlg reference text : James Pain and George Richard Pain , were Adare Manor architects .
webnlg generated text : Adisham Hall is located in Haputale .
webnlg reference text : Adisham Hall is located in Haputale .
webnlg generated text : Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan .
webnlg reference text : Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan .
webnlg generated text : College of William & Mary is the owner of Alan B. Miller Hall .
webnlg reference text : College of William & Mary is the owner of Alan B. Miller Hall .
webnlg generated text : The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus , near CEPT University , opp . Gujarat University , University Road .
webnlg reference text : The address for Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus , near CEPT University , opp . Gujarat University , University Road .
webnlg generated text : The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus , near CEPT University , opp . Gujarat University , University Road .
webnlg reference text : The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus , near CEPT University , opp . Gujarat University , University Road .
webnlg generated text : Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House has 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places .
webnlg reference text : Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places .
webnlg generated text : Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House has 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places .
webnlg reference text : Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House has a reference number of 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places .
webnlg generated text : Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House has 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places .
webnlg reference text : The Reference Number in the National Register of Historic Places for Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is 88002539 .
webnlg generated text : Julia Morgan was the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds .
webnlg reference text : The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds was Julia Morgan .
webnlg generated text : Asilomar Conference Grounds architecture is of Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows .
webnlg reference text : Asilomar Conference Grounds is designed based on the architecture style of Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows .
webnlg generated text : Asilomar Conference Grounds architecture is of Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows .
webnlg reference text : The architecture of Asilomar Conference Grounds is of Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows .
webnlg generated text : Asilomar Conference Grounds were constructed in 1913 .
webnlg reference text : Asilomar Conference Grounds were constructed in 1913 .
webnlg generated text : Asilomar Conference Grounds were constructed in 1913 .
webnlg reference text : Asilomar Conference Grounds was constructed in 1913 .
webnlg generated text : Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City .
webnlg reference text : Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City .
webnlg generated text : Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City .
webnlg reference text : Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City .
webnlg generated text : Buffalo New York is part of Erie County , New York .
webnlg reference text : Buffalo , New York is part of Erie County , New York .
webnlg generated text : Buffalo New York is part of Erie County , New York .
webnlg reference text : Buffalo , New York is part of Erie County , New York .
webnlg generated text : Byron Brown is the leader of Buffalo , New York .
webnlg reference text : The leader of Buffalo , New York is Byron Brown .
webnlg generated text : Byron Brown is the leader of Buffalo , New York .
webnlg reference text : Byron Brown is the leader of Buffalo , New York .
webnlg generated text : Byron Brown is the leader of Buffalo , New York .
webnlg reference text : The leader of Buffalo , New York is Byron Brown .
webnlg generated text : County Limerick is a part of Munster .
webnlg reference text : County Limerick is a part of Munster .
webnlg generated text : County Limerick is a part of Munster .
webnlg reference text : County Limerick is part of Munster .
webnlg generated text : County Limerick is a part of Munster .
webnlg reference text : County Limerick is part of Munster .
webnlg generated text : Críona Ní Dhálaigh was Lord Mayor of Dublin .
webnlg reference text : Críona Ní Dhálaigh was Lord Mayor of Dublin .
webnlg generated text : The leader of Ethiopia is Mulatu Teshome .
webnlg reference text : Mulatu Teshome is an Ethiopia leader .
webnlg generated text : The leader of Ethiopia is Mulatu Teshome .
webnlg reference text : The name of the leader in Ethiopia is Mulatu Teshome .
webnlg generated text : People from India are called Indian people .
webnlg reference text : The demonym for people living in India is Indian people .
webnlg generated text : People from India are called Indian people .
webnlg reference text : A demonym for residents of India is Indian people .
webnlg generated text : Julia Morgan has designed many significant buildings including Los Angeles Herald - Examiner .
webnlg reference text : Julia Morgan has designed many significant buildings , including Los Angeles Herald - Examiner .
webnlg generated text : Live Nation Entertainment is located in Beverly Hills , California .
webnlg reference text : Live Nation Entertainment is located at Beverly Hills , California .
webnlg generated text : Live Nation Entertainment is located in Beverly Hills , California .
webnlg reference text : Live Nation Entertainment is located in Beverly Hills , California .
webnlg generated text : Manhattan is part of New York .
webnlg reference text : Manhattan is part of New York .
webnlg generated text : Manhattan is part of New York .
webnlg reference text : Manhattan is a part of New York .
webnlg generated text : New York City is part of New Netherland .
webnlg reference text : New York City is a part of New Netherland .
webnlg generated text : New York City is part of New Netherland .
webnlg reference text : New York City is part of New Netherland .
webnlg generated text : New York City is part of New Netherland .
webnlg reference text : New York City was part of New Netherland .
webnlg generated text : Pacific Grove , California is part of California .
webnlg reference text : Pacific Grove , California is part of California .
webnlg generated text : Pacific Grove , California is part of California .
webnlg reference text : Pacific Grove , California is part of California .
webnlg generated text : One of the ethnic groups of South Africa are White South African .
webnlg reference text : White South African are an ethnic group of South Africa .
webnlg generated text : One of the ethnic groups of South Africa are White South African .
webnlg reference text : One of the ethnic groups in South Africa is White South African .
webnlg generated text : Elizabeth II is the leader of United Kingdom .
webnlg reference text : A leader in United Kingdom is Elizabeth II .
webnlg generated text : Elizabeth II is the leader of United Kingdom .
webnlg reference text : The leader of United Kingdom is Elizabeth II .
webnlg generated text : Elizabeth II is the leader of United Kingdom .
webnlg reference text : The leader of United Kingdom is Elizabeth II .
webnlg generated text : Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italy sauce from Lazio .
webnlg reference text : Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italy sauce from the region of Lazio .
webnlg generated text : Amatriciana sauce includes Tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil .
webnlg reference text : Amatriciana sauce ingredients include Tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil .
webnlg generated text : Amatriciana sauce comes from the Lazio region of Italy .
webnlg reference text : Amatriciana sauce is from the Lazio region of Italy .
webnlg generated text : Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italy sauce from Lazio .
webnlg reference text : Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italy sauce from Lazio .
webnlg generated text : Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leaders in Italy whose capital is Rome .
webnlg reference text : Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leaders of Italy , where the capital is Rome .
webnlg generated text : Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy .
webnlg reference text : Arrabbiata sauce is a sauce found in Italy .
webnlg generated text : Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy where the capital city is Rome .
webnlg reference text : Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy , the capital of which is Rome .
webnlg generated text : Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leaders in Italy .
webnlg reference text : Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leaders of Italy .
webnlg generated text : Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leaders in Italy whose capital is Rome .
webnlg reference text : Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are both leaders in Italy , the capital city of which is Rome .
webnlg generated text : Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy .
webnlg reference text : Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy .
webnlg generated text : Arròs negre is from Catalonia , Spain and includes White rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
webnlg reference text : Arròs negre is from Catalonia @ Spain and Arròs negre ingredients are White rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
webnlg generated text : Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain .
webnlg reference text : Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Catalonia , Spain .
webnlg generated text : Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain .
webnlg reference text : Arròs negre is from the region of Catalonia in Spain .
webnlg generated text : Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain .
webnlg reference text : A traditional dish from the Catalonia region in Spain is Arròs negre .
webnlg generated text : Arròs negre includes White rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
webnlg reference text : The main ingredients in Arròs negre are , White rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
webnlg generated text : Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain .
webnlg reference text : Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Catalonia , Spain .
webnlg generated text : Arròs negre includes White rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
webnlg reference text : The main ingredients in Arròs negre are White rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
webnlg generated text : Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain .
webnlg reference text : Arròs negre is from Catalonia , Spain .
webnlg generated text : Arròs negre includes White rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
webnlg reference text : The main ingredients of Arròs negre are White rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
webnlg generated text : Spaniards and Arròs negre come from Spain .
webnlg reference text : Spaniards are the ethnic group in Spain , where a traditional dish is Arròs negre .
webnlg generated text : Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region , which is led by Parliament of Catalonia .
webnlg reference text : Arròs negre comes from the region of Catalonia , which is led by Parliament of Catalonia .
webnlg generated text : Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain , where Spaniards are an ethnic group .
webnlg reference text : Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain , where the ethnic group is Spaniards .
webnlg generated text : Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region , which is led by Parliament of Catalonia .
webnlg reference text : Arròs negre is from the region of Catalonia , whose leaders are Parliament of Catalonia .
webnlg generated text : Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region , which is led by Parliament of Catalonia , in Spain , a country where Spaniards are an ethnic group .
webnlg reference text : Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region ( led by Parliament of Catalonia ) of Spain and enjoyed by Spaniards .
webnlg generated text : Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Sumatra where Malaysian Malay and Batak are ethnic groups .
webnlg reference text : Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , where Malaysian Malay live , but comes from Sumatra where Batak live .
webnlg generated text : Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra and Malaysia .
webnlg reference text : Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra and Malaysia .
webnlg generated text : Malaysian Malay and Batak are ethnic groups from Malaysia .
webnlg reference text : Malaysian Malay is an ethnic group in Malaysia and Batak of Sumatra .
webnlg generated text : Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Sumatra .
webnlg reference text : Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Sumatra .
webnlg generated text : Malaysian Malay and Batak are ethnic groups from Malaysia .
webnlg reference text : Malaysian Malay is an ethnic group in Malaysia and Batak the same on Sumatra .
webnlg generated text : Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra , Malaysia where Malays ( ethnic group ) and Minangkabau people are ethnic groups .
webnlg reference text : Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra , Malaysia where there are ethnic groups like Malays ( ethnic group ) and Minangkabau people .
webnlg generated text : Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Sumatra .
webnlg reference text : Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Sumatra .
webnlg generated text : Malays ( ethnic group ) and Minangkabau people are ethnic groups from Sumatra .
webnlg reference text : Malays ( ethnic group ) are Minangkabau people are ethnic groups in Sumatra .
webnlg generated text : Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Sumatra .
webnlg reference text : Asam pedas is a dish found in Malaysia and Sumatra .
webnlg generated text : Malays ( ethnic group ) and Minangkabau people are ethnic groups from Sumatra .
webnlg reference text : Malays ( ethnic group ) and Minangkabau people are ethnic groups of Sumatra .
webnlg generated text : Bacon Explosion comes from United States , where Barack Obama is the leader , the capital is Washington , D.C. and Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
webnlg reference text : Bacon Explosion originated in United States , where Barack Obama is leader , Washington , D.C. is the capital and where Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
webnlg generated text : Bacon Explosion comes from United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
webnlg reference text : United States is the country of Bacon Explosion and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups found there .
webnlg generated text : Bacon Explosion comes from United States where John Roberts is a leader .
webnlg reference text : Bacon Explosion comes from United States where John Roberts is a leader .
webnlg generated text : The capital of United States is Washington , D.C. and Asian Americans are an ethnic group there .
webnlg reference text : United States capital city is Washington , D.C. and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups of United States .
webnlg generated text : John Roberts is a leader in United States where Bacon Explosion comes from .
webnlg reference text : John Roberts is a leader in United States where Bacon Explosion comes from .
webnlg generated text : The capital of United States is Washington , D.C. and Asian Americans are an ethnic group there .
webnlg reference text : The capital of United States is Washington , D.C. and one of the ethnic groups are Asian Americans .
webnlg generated text : Bacon sandwich are popular in United Kingdom .
webnlg reference text : Bacon sandwich are popular in United Kingdom .
webnlg generated text : Ketchup can be an ingredient in Bacon sandwich which is a variation of BLT and Club sandwich .
webnlg reference text : Ketchup can be added to Bacon sandwich and a variation is BLT which is similar to Club sandwich .
webnlg generated text : Bacon sandwich are popular in United Kingdom and one of the ingredients is Ketchup .
webnlg reference text : Bacon sandwich is a dish from United Kingdom that Ketchup is often added to .
webnlg generated text : A variation of Bacon sandwich is BLT which is a variation of Club sandwich .
webnlg reference text : A variant of Bacon sandwich is BLT , which BLT is a variation of Club sandwich .
webnlg generated text : A variation of Bacon sandwich is BLT which is a variation of Club sandwich .
webnlg reference text : BLT is a variation of both Bacon sandwich and Club sandwich .
webnlg generated text : Bacon sandwich are popular in United Kingdom and one of the ingredients is Ketchup .
webnlg reference text : Bacon sandwich are popular in United Kingdom and can have the added ingredient of Ketchup .
webnlg generated text : Bacon sandwich are popular in United Kingdom .
webnlg reference text : The country that Bacon sandwich comes from is United Kingdom .
webnlg generated text : Bacon sandwich main ingredients are Bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce .
webnlg reference text : Bacon sandwich main ingredients are Bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce .
webnlg generated text : Bacon sandwich can also be known as Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , Bacon sanger , piece n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin .
webnlg reference text : Bacon sandwich can also be known as Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin .
webnlg generated text : Bacon sandwich are popular in United Kingdom .
webnlg reference text : Bacon sandwich is a dish from United Kingdom .
webnlg generated text : Bacon sandwich can also be known as Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , Bacon sanger , piece n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin .
webnlg reference text : Bacon sandwich is also known as Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin .
webnlg generated text : Bacon sandwich main ingredients are Bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce .
webnlg reference text : The main ingredients in Bacon sandwich are Bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce .
webnlg generated text : Baked Alaska and Cookie are both Dessert .
webnlg reference text : Baked Alaska and Cookie are Dessert .
webnlg generated text : Baked Alaska is from United States where African Americans are an ethnic group .
webnlg reference text : Baked Alaska comes from United States which has African Americans as an ethnic group .
webnlg generated text : Baked Alaska is Dessert ( as is Cookie ) , Baked Alaska hails from United States .
webnlg reference text : Baked Alaska and Cookie is a type of Dessert and comes from United States .
webnlg generated text : Meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska , which can be found in Paris , New York or Hong Kong and is from United States .
webnlg reference text : Meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska which is popular in Paris , New York or Hong Kong and originated in United States .
webnlg generated text : Baked Alaska is from United States and can be found in Paris , New York or Hong Kong .
webnlg reference text : Baked Alaska comes from United States and is popular in Paris , New York or Hong Kong .
webnlg generated text : Baked Alaska is from United States and can be found in Paris , New York or Hong Kong .
webnlg reference text : Baked Alaska is found in United States , Paris , New York or Hong Kong .
webnlg generated text : Baked Alaska hails from Hong Kong , France , United States or China and contains Meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding .
webnlg reference text : Baked Alaska comes from Hong Kong , France , United States or China and contains Meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding .
webnlg generated text : Baked Alaska hails from Hong Kong , France , United States or China .
webnlg reference text : Baked Alaska hails from Hong Kong but France , United States or China all claim to have invented Baked Alaska .
webnlg generated text : Baked Alaska is from Hong Kong and United States .
webnlg reference text : Baked Alaska is served in the region of Hong Kong and known to be from United States .
webnlg generated text : Baked Alaska is from Hong Kong and United States .
webnlg reference text : Baked Alaska comes from both Hong Kong and United States .
webnlg generated text : Meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska which is said to come from Hong Kong and United States .
webnlg reference text : Meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding are main ingredients in Baked Alaska which is served in the region of Hong Kong and comes from United States .
webnlg generated text : Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region which is part of Derbysbyshire .
webnlg reference text : Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region in Derbyshire .
webnlg generated text : Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding and includes Fruit preserves .
webnlg reference text : Bakewell pudding 's a variant of Bakewell tart and Fruit preserves are one of the ingredients used in Bakewell tart .
webnlg generated text : Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding .
webnlg reference text : A variant of Bakewell pudding is Bakewell tart .
webnlg generated text : Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region which is part of Derbysbyshire .
webnlg reference text : Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region which is part of Derbyshire .
webnlg generated text : Fruit preserves are an ingredient in Bakewell tart .
webnlg reference text : Fruit preserves are found in Bakewell tart .
webnlg generated text : Bakso is a traditional dish in Indonesia and popular in Nationwide in Indonesia , also popular in neighboring Southeast Asian countries .
webnlg reference text : Bakso is a traditional dish throughout Indonesia and is popular in Nationwide in Indonesia , also popular in neighboring Southeast Asian countries .
webnlg generated text : The main ingredients of Bakso are Ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots .
webnlg reference text : Ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots are main ingredients in Bakso .
webnlg generated text : Bakso comes from Indonesia and is popular all over Nationwide in Indonesia , also popular in neighboring Southeast Asian countries .
webnlg reference text : Bakso is an Indonesia dish which is also popular in Nationwide in Indonesia , also popular in neighboring Southeast Asian countries .
webnlg generated text : The main ingredients of Bakso are Ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots .
webnlg reference text : The main ingredients of Bakso are Ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots .
webnlg generated text : Bakso is a traditional dish throughout Indonesia and popular in Nationwide in Indonesia , also popular in neighboring Southeast Asian countries and Bakso ingredients are Ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots .
webnlg reference text : Bakso is an Indonesia dish also popular in Nationwide in Indonesia , also popular in neighboring Southeast Asian countries and includes the ingredients Ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots .
webnlg generated text : Bakso is a dish from Indonesia .
webnlg reference text : Bakso is a food from the Country of Indonesia .
webnlg generated text : The main ingredients of Bakso are Ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots .
webnlg reference text : Ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots are main ingredients in Bakso .
webnlg generated text : Bakso is a dish from Indonesia .
webnlg reference text : Bakso is a food found in Indonesia .
webnlg generated text : The main ingredients of Bakso are Ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots .
webnlg reference text : The main ingredients of Bakso are Ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots .
webnlg generated text : Bakso is a food found in Indonesia and is made from Ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots .
webnlg reference text : Bakso is a food found in Indonesia @ Bakso contains Ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots .
webnlg generated text : Bandeja paisa is Colombian cuisine from Paisa Region .
webnlg reference text : Bandeja paisa is part of Colombian cuisine that originates from Paisa Region .
webnlg generated text : Bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from Paisa Region of Colombian cuisine .
webnlg reference text : Bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the Paisa Region and Colombian cuisine regions .
webnlg generated text : The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
webnlg reference text : The main ingredients in Bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
webnlg generated text : Bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from Paisa Region of Colombian cuisine .
webnlg reference text : Bandeja paisa originates from Paisa Region and is part of Colombian cuisine .
webnlg generated text : Bandeja paisa main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
webnlg reference text : Bandeja paisa includes red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
webnlg generated text : Bandeja paisa is Colombian cuisine from Paisa Region .
webnlg reference text : Bandeja paisa is Colombian cuisine from Paisa Region .
webnlg generated text : The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
webnlg reference text : The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
webnlg generated text : The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
webnlg reference text : The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
webnlg generated text : Bandeja paisa is Colombian cuisine from Paisa Region .
webnlg reference text : Bandeja paisa is from Colombian cuisine and originates in Paisa Region .
webnlg generated text : Bandeja paisa is Colombian cuisine from Paisa Region .
webnlg reference text : Bandeja paisa is Colombian cuisine from Paisa Region .
webnlg generated text : Barny Cakes can be found in France where French language is spoken and leaders include Gérard Larcher and François Hollande .
webnlg reference text : Barny Cakes comes from France where French language is spoken and leaders include Gérard Larcher and François Hollande .
webnlg generated text : Barny Cakes can be found in France where French language is spoken .
webnlg reference text : Barny Cakes come from is France where France speak French language .
webnlg generated text : French language is the national language of France where François Hollande and Gérard Larcher are leaders and Barny Cakes come from .
webnlg reference text : France , where French language is spoken and which has the leaders François Hollande and Gérard Larcher is also home to Barny Cakes .
webnlg generated text : Batagor comes from Indonesia and is a variation of Siomay .
webnlg reference text : Batagor , which is found in Indonesia and Siomay are both variations of the same dish .
webnlg generated text : Siomay is a variation of Shumai which contains Shiitake .
webnlg reference text : Shumai is a variation of Siomay while Shiitake is an ingredient of Shumai .
webnlg generated text : Batagor , which is found in Indonesia , is a variation of Siomay and Shumai ( which contains Shiitake ) .
webnlg reference text : Batagor originates from the country of Indonesia , Shumai is a variation of Siomay and contains Shiitake .
webnlg generated text : Batagor comes from Indonesia and is a variation of Siomay .
webnlg reference text : Batagor , found in Indonesia , is a variation of Siomay .
webnlg generated text : Siomay is a variation of Shumai which contains Shiitake .
webnlg reference text : Another variation of Siomay is Shumai , which is made using Shiitake .
webnlg generated text : Batchoy originated from the region of La Paz , Iloilo City , Philippines .
webnlg reference text : La Paz , Iloilo City , Philippines is the home of Batchoy .
webnlg generated text : The main ingredients of Batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
webnlg reference text : The main ingredients of Batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
webnlg generated text : Batchoy originated from the region of La Paz , Iloilo City , Philippines .
webnlg reference text : Batchoy is a food found in La Paz , Iloilo City , Philippines .
webnlg generated text : The main ingredients of Batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
webnlg reference text : The main ingredients of Batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
webnlg generated text : Batchoy , which originates from Philippines , is served as Soup .
webnlg reference text : Philippines is the home of the Soup dish Batchoy .
webnlg generated text : Batchoy is Soup eaten in Philippines .
webnlg reference text : Batchoy is a Soup from Philippines .
webnlg generated text : The main ingredients of Batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
webnlg reference text : The main ingredients of Batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
webnlg generated text : Batchoy is Soup from Philippines and includes noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
webnlg reference text : Batchoy is a Soup dish from Philippines and is made with noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
webnlg generated text : Beef kway teow is available Nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia .
webnlg reference text : Beef kway teow is available Nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia .
webnlg generated text : Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of Beef kway Teow .
webnlg reference text : The main ingredients in Beef kway teow are ; Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
webnlg generated text : Beef kway teow is available Nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia .
webnlg reference text : Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia .
webnlg generated text : Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of Beef kway Teow .
webnlg reference text : The main ingredients for Beef kway teow are : Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
webnlg generated text : Beef kway teow is available Nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia .
webnlg reference text : Beef kway teow is a dish popular in Nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia .
webnlg generated text : Beef kway teow is made in Singapore and Indonesia .
webnlg reference text : Beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in Singapore and Indonesia .
webnlg generated text : Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore , where the leader is Halimah Yacob and Standard Chinese is spoken .
webnlg reference text : Beef kway teow is found in Singapore , where Halimah Yacob is a leader and Standard Chinese is the language spoken .
webnlg generated text : Beef kway teow is made in Singapore and Indonesia .
webnlg reference text : Beef kway teow is found in Singapore and Indonesia .
webnlg generated text : Halimah Yacob is a leader in Singapore where Standard Chinese is spoken .
webnlg reference text : Halimah Yacob is a leader of Standard Chinese speaking Singapore .
webnlg generated text : Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Indonesia and Singapore .
webnlg reference text : Beef kway teow is a popular food of Indonesia that comes from the Singapore region .
webnlg generated text : Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of Beef kway Teow .
webnlg reference text : Beef kway teow ingredients include Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
webnlg generated text : Beef kway teow is a dish of Singapore and Indonesia .
webnlg reference text : Beef kway teow originates from Singapore and Indonesia .
webnlg generated text : Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of Beef kway Teow .
webnlg reference text : Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of Beef kway teow .
webnlg generated text : Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of Beef kway Teow .
webnlg reference text : The main ingredients of Beef kway teow are : Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
webnlg generated text : Bhajji come from the Karnataka region of India and are also known as Bhaji , bajji and contain Vegetable .
webnlg reference text : Originating from the Karnataka region in India , Bhajji ( also known as Bhaji , bajji ) , has Vegetable as a main ingredient .
webnlg generated text : Bhajji come from the Karnataka region of India .
webnlg reference text : Bhajji comes from the Karnataka region of India .
webnlg generated text : Gram flour , vegetables are main ingredients in Bhajji ( also known as Bhaji , bajji ) which comes from the Karnataka region .
webnlg reference text : Gram flour , vegetables are main ingredients in Bhajji ( also known as Bhaji , bajji ) which comes from the Karnataka region .
webnlg generated text : Bhajji ( also known as Bhaji , bajji ) comes from the Karnataka region and includes Gram flour , vegetables .
webnlg reference text : Bhajji , also known as Bhaji , bajji , are found in the region of Karnataka and Bhajji ingredients are Gram flour , vegetables .
webnlg generated text : Bhajji , also known as Bhaji , bajji are found in the region of Karnataka .
webnlg reference text : Bhajji ( aka Bhaji , bajji ) is from the Karnataka region .
webnlg generated text : Bhajji includes Gram flour , vegetables and includes Vegetable .
webnlg reference text : Bhajji includes Gram flour , vegetables and Vegetable .
webnlg generated text : Binignit includes Sweet potato and Sago .
webnlg reference text : The Binignit recipe calls for Sweet potato and Sago .
webnlg generated text : Sweet potato belongs to Flowering plant and is of the order Solanales .
webnlg reference text : Sweet potato belongs to Flowering plant and falls under the order of Solanales .
webnlg generated text : Binignit includes Sago and Sweet potato .
webnlg reference text : Sago and Sweet potato are ingredients in Binignit .
webnlg generated text : Sweet potato belongs to the Solanales order of Flowering plant .
webnlg reference text : Sweet potato belongs to the Solanales order of Flowering plant .
webnlg generated text : Binignit is a dish from the region of Visayas , Philippines .
webnlg reference text : Binignit is a dish from the region of Visayas in Philippines .
webnlg generated text : Coconut milk and Sago are the main ingredients of Binignit .
webnlg reference text : One of the main ingredients of Binignit is Coconut milk and another ingredient is Sago .
webnlg generated text : Coconut milk and Sago are the main ingredients of Binignit .
webnlg reference text : The main ingredient of Binignit is Coconut milk and Binignit also contains Sago .
webnlg generated text : Binignit is a dish from the region of Visayas , Philippines .
webnlg reference text : Binignit comes from the Visayas region of Philippines .
webnlg generated text : Granola is an ingredient of Bionico , Dessert from the Jalisco region of Mexico .
webnlg reference text : Using one of the required ingredients , Granola , Bionico is a dish served for Dessert and is found in the region of Jalisco , in Mexico .
webnlg generated text : Bionico comes from the Jalisco region of Mexico and contains Granola .
webnlg reference text : Bionico , a dessert found in the Jalisco region of Mexico , has Granola in Bionico .
webnlg generated text : Granola is an ingredient of Bionico , Dessert from the Jalisco region of Mexico .
webnlg reference text : The Granola -based Dessert @ Bionico is a food found in Jalisco , Mexico .
webnlg generated text : The main ingredients of Bionico are Chopped Fruits , Sour Cream , Condensed Milk , Granola , Shredded Coconut , Raisins .
webnlg reference text : The main ingredients of Bionico are Chopped Fruits , Sour Cream , Condensed Milk , Granola , Shredded Coconut , Raisins .
webnlg generated text : The main ingredients of Bionico are Chopped Fruits , Sour Cream , Condensed Milk , Granola , Shredded Coconut , Raisins .
webnlg reference text : The main ingredients of Bionico are Chopped Fruits , Sour Cream , Condensed Milk , Granola , Shredded Coconut , Raisins .
webnlg generated text : Bionico is a food found in Mexico and Guadalajara .
webnlg reference text : Bionico is a Mexico food from the Guadalajara region .
webnlg generated text : Bionico and Cookie are both Dessert .
webnlg reference text : Bionico and Cookie are Dessert .
webnlg generated text : Bionico is a food found in Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo .
webnlg reference text : Bionico originates from Mexico , where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo .
webnlg generated text : Bionico is Dessert found in Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and Cookie are also Dessert .
webnlg reference text : Bionico is Dessert found in Mexico , the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and Cookie are also Dessert .
webnlg generated text : Cookie and Bionico are both served for Dessert .
webnlg reference text : Cookie and Bionico are both types of Dessert .
webnlg generated text : Bionico is a food found in Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo .
webnlg reference text : Bionico is found in Mexico where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader .
webnlg generated text : Bakso is a food found in Indonesia , where Jusuf Kalla is leader , and contains Tapioca .
webnlg reference text : Bakso is a dish from the country of Indonesia ( where the leader is Jusuf Kalla ) , Bakso includes Tapioca .
webnlg generated text : Bakso is a dish from Indonesia that contains Tapioca .
webnlg reference text : Bakso is a food originates from Indonesia and contains Tapioca .
webnlg generated text : Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia .
webnlg reference text : Indonesia leader is Jusuf Kalla .
webnlg generated text : Tapioca is an ingredient in Bakso which comes from Indonesia .
webnlg reference text : Bakso has Tapioca as an ingredient and is a food found in Indonesia where Bakso originated .
webnlg generated text : Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia .
webnlg reference text : The leader of Indonesia is Jusuf Kalla .
webnlg generated text : Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore where Tony Tan is a leader .
webnlg reference text : Ayam penyet is originates from Singapore and Tony Tan is Singapore leader .
webnlg generated text : Ayam penyet is also found in Java where Baduy are an ethnic group .
webnlg reference text : Ayam penyet can also be found in Java where Baduy are one of the ethnic groups .
webnlg generated text : Baduy are an ethnic group in Java , where Ayam penyet can be found .
webnlg reference text : Baduy is an ethnic group of Java , where Ayam penyet can be found .
webnlg generated text : Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore where Tony Tan is a leader .
webnlg reference text : Ayam penyet is from the Singapore region , where Tony Tan is a leader .
webnlg generated text : Ayam penyet is also found in Java where Baduy are an ethnic group .
webnlg reference text : Ayam penyet is a dish from Java , where Baduy are an ethnic group .
webnlg generated text : Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore where Tony Tan is a leader .
webnlg reference text : Ayam penyet comes from Singapore where Tony Tan is the leader .
webnlg generated text : Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from .
webnlg reference text : Batchoy is a dish eaten in Philippines .
webnlg generated text : The language spoken in Philippines is Philippine Spanish and two of the ethnic groups are Ilocano people and Zamboangans .
webnlg reference text : The language used there is Philippine Spanish and two of Philippines ethnic groups are Ilocano people and Zamboangans .
webnlg generated text : Batchoy is eaten in Philippines where Philippine Spanish is spoken .
webnlg reference text : Batchoy is eaten in Philippines where the spoken language is Philippine Spanish .
webnlg generated text : Zamboangans and Ilocano people are both ethnic groups in Philippines .
webnlg reference text : Zamboangans and Ilocano people are both ethnic groups in Philippines .
webnlg generated text : Batchoy comes from Philippines where one of the languages spoken is Arabic .
webnlg reference text : Batchoy comes from Philippines where one of the languages is Arabic .
webnlg generated text : Batchoy is eaten in Philippines where Igorot people and Zamboangans are ethnic groups and one of the languages spoken is Arabic .
webnlg reference text : Batchoy is a dish that is found in Philippines , where Igorot people and Zamboangans are ethnic groups and where Arabic is one of the languages spoken .
webnlg generated text : Zamboangans and Igorot people are ethnic groups from Philippines , where Arabic is one of the languages spoken and Batchoy is eaten .
webnlg reference text : Zamboangans and Igorot people are ethnic groups in Philippines where Arabic is spoken and Batchoy is eaten .
webnlg generated text : Cookie is Dessert , as too is Binignit which comes from Philippines .
webnlg reference text : Cookie is a type of Dessert , as too is Binignit which comes from Philippines .
webnlg generated text : Philippine English is the language spoken in Philippines .
webnlg reference text : Philippine English is the language of Philippines .
webnlg generated text : Philippine English is the language of Philippines where Binignit comes from .
webnlg reference text : Philippine English is the language spoken in Philippines , where Binignit can be found .
webnlg generated text : Binignit is Dessert .
webnlg reference text : Binignit should be served as Dessert .
webnlg generated text : Cookie is also Dessert .
webnlg reference text : Other type of Dessert is Cookie .
webnlg generated text : Cookie and Binignit are Dessert .
webnlg reference text : Cookie and Binignit are types of Dessert .
webnlg generated text : Binignit can be found in Philippines where Philippine English is spoken .
webnlg reference text : Binignit can be found in Philippines where the spoken language is known as Philippine English .
webnlg generated text : Sandesh ( confectionery ) and Binignit are Dessert .
webnlg reference text : Sandesh ( confectionery ) and Binignit are Dessert .
webnlg generated text : Binignit can be found in Philippines where Philippine English is spoken .
webnlg reference text : Binignit comes from Philippines , where the language is Philippine English .
webnlg generated text : Sandesh ( confectionery ) and Binignit are both Dessert .
webnlg reference text : Sandesh ( confectionery ) and Binignit are both dishes served as Dessert .
webnlg generated text : Binignit can be found in Philippines where Philippine English is spoken .
webnlg reference text : Binignit originates from Philippines where Philippine English is spoken .
webnlg generated text : Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene , Texas and is 546 metres above sea level .
webnlg reference text : Serving the city of Abilene , Texas , Abilene Regional Airport is 546 metres above sea level .
webnlg generated text : Abilene Regional Airport has a runway named 17L/35R with a length of 2194.0 .
webnlg reference text : Abilene Regional Airport has the runway name 17L/35R and has a runway length of 2194.0 .
webnlg generated text : Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene , Texas and is 546 metres above sea level .
webnlg reference text : Abilene Regional Airport serves Abilene , Texas an f elevated 546 metres above sea level .
webnlg generated text : Abilene Regional Airport has a runway named 17L/35R with a length of 2194.0 .
webnlg reference text : Abilene Regional Airport runway is called 17L/35R and Abilene Regional Airport length is 2194.0 .
webnlg generated text : Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid , New York and Saranac Lake , New New York .
webnlg reference text : Lake Placid , New York and the city of Saranac Lake , New York are served by Adirondack Regional Airport .
webnlg generated text : Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003.0 .
webnlg reference text : Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway that is 2003.0 metres long .
webnlg generated text : Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid , New York and Saranac Lake ( New York , is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003.0 .
webnlg reference text : Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid , New York and the city of Saranac Lake , New York , Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level with a runway length of 2003.0 .
webnlg generated text : Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of both Saranac Lake , New York and Lake Placid , New New York .
webnlg reference text : Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York and Lake Placid , New York .
webnlg generated text : Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003.0 .
webnlg reference text : Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 m above sea level and Adirondack Regional Airport runway is 2003.0 long .
webnlg generated text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport which is operated by ENAIRE is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas .
webnlg reference text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport , operated by ENAIRE , is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas .
webnlg generated text : The runway name is 18L/36R and Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport has a length of 3500.0 .
webnlg reference text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport runway is designated 18L/36R and has a length of 3500.0 .
webnlg generated text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located at Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE .
webnlg reference text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport can be found in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE .
webnlg generated text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located at Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE .
webnlg reference text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport can be found in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE .
webnlg generated text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport has a runway length of 3500.0 and 18L/36R is the runway name .
webnlg reference text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport has a runway length of 3500.0 , which is named 18L/36R .
webnlg generated text : Agra Airport is located in India and operated by Indian Air Force .
webnlg reference text : Agra Airport in India is operated by Indian Air Force .
webnlg generated text : Agra Airport has the ICAO location identifier of VIAG and the IATA Location Identifier of AGR .
webnlg reference text : Agra Airport has the location identifier of VIAG and the IATA location identifier of AGR .
webnlg generated text : Agra Airport is located in India and operated by Indian Air Force .
webnlg reference text : Agra Airport in India is operated by Indian Air Force .
webnlg generated text : Agra Airport has the IATA I.D. of AGR and the ICAO Location Identifier of VIAG .
webnlg reference text : Agra Airport has the IATA location identifier of AGR and the ICAO identifier of VIAG .
webnlg generated text : United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad Airbase in Iraq where the runway name is 08/26 and has a length of 3990.0 .
webnlg reference text : Operated by United States Air Force , Al Asad Airbase ( Iraq has a runway name 08/26 , and a runway length 3990.0 .
webnlg generated text : United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad Airbase in Iraq where the runway name is 08/26 and has a length of 3990.0 .
webnlg reference text : United States Air Force is operating Al Asad Airbase in Iraq with runway 08/26 that is 3990.0 long .
webnlg generated text : United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad Airbase in Iraq .
webnlg reference text : United States Air Force operates Al Asad Airbase in Iraq .
webnlg generated text : Al Asad Airbase has a runway length of 3990.0 and 08/26 is the runway name .
webnlg reference text : Al Asad Airbase has a runway length of 3990.0 and Al Asad Airbase runway is named 08/26 .
webnlg generated text : United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad Airbase in Al Anbar Province , Iraq .
webnlg reference text : United States Air Force operates Al Asad Airbase ; located in Al Anbar Province , Iraq .
webnlg generated text : Lockheed AC-130 , an attack aircraft , and McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle , a fighter aircraft , are used by United States Air Force .
webnlg reference text : The attack aircarft , Lockheed AC-130 , and the fighter aircraft , McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle are used by United States Air Force .
webnlg generated text : Al Asad Airbase is operated by United States Air Force who were involved in battles at Invasion of Grenada .
webnlg reference text : United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad Airbase and one of the noted United States Air Force battles was Invasion of Grenada .
webnlg generated text : Al Asad Airbase is operated by United States Air Force who were involved in battles at Invasion of Grenada .
webnlg reference text : Al Asad Airbase is operated by United States Air Force which was involved in Invasion of Grenada .
webnlg generated text : Lockheed AC-130 , an attack aircraft , and McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle , a fighter aircraft , are used by United States Air Force .
webnlg reference text : United States Air Force has Lockheed AC-130 , an attack aircraft and McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle , an aircraft fighter .
webnlg generated text : Al Asad Airbase is operated by United States Air Force who were involved in battles at Invasion of Grenada and deploy Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft and McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle aircraft fighter .
webnlg reference text : United States Air Force , which operates Al Asad Airbase , was involved in battles at Invasion of Grenada and deploys Lockheed AC-130 on United States Air Force aircraft carriers and flies the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle aircraft fighter .
webnlg generated text : Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore and is located in Pakistan .
webnlg reference text : The city of Lahore , Pakistan , is served by Allama Iqbal International Airport .
webnlg generated text : Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs Allama Iqbal International Airport .
webnlg reference text : Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority .
webnlg generated text : Allama Iqbal International Airport has a runway length of 2900.0 .
webnlg reference text : Allama Iqbal International Airport has a runway length of 2900.0 .
webnlg generated text : Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore and is located in Pakistan .
webnlg reference text : Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Lahore @ Pakistan .
webnlg generated text : Allama Iqbal International Airport , which has a runway length of 2900.0 , is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority .
webnlg reference text : Allama Iqbal International Airport has a runway length of 2900.0 and is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority .
webnlg generated text : Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and is -3.3528 above sea level .
webnlg reference text : Serving the city of Amsterdam , Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 metres above sea level .
webnlg generated text : The runway name is 09/27 Buitenveldertbaan and Amsterdam Airport Schiphol has a length of 2014.0 .
webnlg reference text : Amsterdam Airport Schiphol has a runway named 09/27 Buitenveldertbaan and a runway length of 2014.0 .
webnlg generated text : Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and is -3.3528 above sea level .
webnlg reference text : Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and is -3.3528 from sea level .
webnlg generated text : Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves Amsterdam .
webnlg reference text : The city of Amsterdam is served by Amsterdam Airport Schiphol .
webnlg generated text : Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 metres above sea level and has the runway name 18L/36R Aalsmeerbaan .
webnlg reference text : Amsterdam Airport Schiphol has an elevation of -3.3528 from sea level and the runway name 18L/36R Aalsmeerbaan .
webnlg generated text : Amsterdam Airport Schiphol runway length is 2014.0 .
webnlg reference text : Amsterdam Airport Schiphol also has the runway length of 2014.0 .
webnlg generated text : Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level , has a runway named 18L/36R Aalsmeerbaan , which has a length of 2014.0 and serves the city of Amsterdam .
webnlg reference text : Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level , has a runway name 18L/36R Aalsmeerbaan which is 2014.0 in length and serves the city of Amsterdam .
webnlg generated text : Amsterdam Airport Schiphol , which serves the city of Amsterdam , is -3.3528 above sea level and has a runway length of 2014.0 meters and 18L/36R Aalsmeerbaan .
webnlg reference text : Amsterdam is served by Amsterdam Airport Schiphol which is -3.3528 above sea level and has a runway length of 2014.0 with the name of 18L/36R Aalsmeerbaan .
webnlg generated text : Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and serves Andrews , Texas .
webnlg reference text : Andrews County Airport in Texas serves the city of Andrews , Texas .
webnlg generated text : Andrews County Airport is 973.0 below sea level and has a runway length of 929.0 .
webnlg reference text : Andrews County Airport is 973.0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929.0 .
webnlg generated text : Andrews County Airport in Andrews , Texas , Texas has a runway length of 929.0 and is 973.0 above sea level .
webnlg reference text : Andrews County Airport , serving the city of Andrews , Texas in Texas has a runway length of 929.0 and is 973.0 metres above sea level .
webnlg generated text : Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States .
webnlg reference text : Andrews County Airport is situated in Texas , United States .
webnlg generated text : Tejano is a demonym term used in Texas , United States .
webnlg reference text : Tejano is the demonym for people from the state of Texas in United States .
webnlg generated text : Austin , Texas is the capital of Texas which is the location of Andrews County Airport .
webnlg reference text : The state capital is Austin , Texas and Texas is served by Andrews County Airport .
webnlg generated text : Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States , where Austin , Texas is the capital and English language is spoken .
webnlg reference text : Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States which has the capital city of Austin , Texas and uses English language .
webnlg generated text : Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where Austin , Texas is the capital .
webnlg reference text : Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , the capital of which is Austin , Texas .
webnlg generated text : English language is spoken in Texas , United States .
webnlg reference text : English language is the language of Texas which is located in United States .
webnlg generated text : Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States .
webnlg reference text : Andrews County Airport is located in Texas in United States .
webnlg generated text : Austin , Texas is the capital of Texas where English language is spoken .
webnlg reference text : The capital of Texas is Austin , Texas and the language spoken is English language .
webnlg generated text : Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo , Luanda Province , Angola and serves Luanda .
webnlg reference text : Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo in Luanda Province , Angola , and serves the city of Luanda .
webnlg generated text : Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo , Luanda Province , Angola and serves Luanda .
webnlg reference text : Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo , Luanda Province , Angola and serves the city of Luanda .
webnlg generated text : Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo , Luanda Province , Angola and serves Luanda .
webnlg reference text : Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo in Luanda Province , Angola and serves the city of Luanda .
webnlg generated text : Antwerp International Airport , which is operated by Flemish Government and is located 12.0 metres above sea level , has a runway length of 600.0 .
webnlg reference text : Antwerp International Airport is operated by Flemish Government , owned by Flemish Region , has an elevation of 12.0 metres above sea level , and Antwerp International Airport runway length is 600.0 .
webnlg generated text : Flemish Government operates Antwerp International Airport which is owned by Flemish Region .
webnlg reference text : Flemish Government operate Antwerp International Airport which is owned by Flemish Region .
webnlg generated text : Antwerp International Airport is 12.0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600.0 .
webnlg reference text : Antwerp International Airport has an elevation of 12.0 metres above sea level and a runway length of 600.0 .
webnlg generated text : Antwerp International Airport , which is owned by Flemish Region , is operated by Flandersish Government .
webnlg reference text : Antwerp International Airport is owned by Flemish Region and operated by Flemish Government .
webnlg generated text : Antwerp International Airport has a runway length of 600.0 and is 12.0 above sea level .
webnlg reference text : Antwerp International Airport has a runway length of 600.0 and is 12.0 metres above sea level .
webnlg generated text : Turkmenistan Airlines have headquarters in Ashgabat , Turkmenistan and are the operating organisation for Ashgabbat International Airport .
webnlg reference text : Turkmenistan Airlines have Turkmenistan Airlines HQ in Ashgabat , Turkmenistan and Turkmenistan Airlines hub airport at Ashgabat International Airport .
webnlg generated text : The hub airport for Turkmenistan Airlines is Turkmenbashi International Airport .
webnlg reference text : Turkmenistan Airlines are the operating organisation for Turkmenbashi International Airport .
webnlg generated text : The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport is called Turkmenistan Airlines whose headquarters are located in Ashgabbat , Turkersonistan .
webnlg reference text : The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport is called Turkmenistan Airlines who have headquarters in Ashgabat , Turkmenistan .
webnlg generated text : The hub airport for Turkmenistan Airlines is Turkmenbashi International Airport .
webnlg reference text : Turkmenistan Airlines hub airport is Turkmenbashi International Airport .
webnlg generated text : Athens International Airport is located in Spata and serves the city of Athens .
webnlg reference text : Located in Spata and serving the city of Athens , is Athens International Airport .
webnlg generated text : Athens International Airport has a runway length of 3800.0 and is 94 metres above sea level .
webnlg reference text : Athens International Airport has a runway length of 3800.0 and has an elevation of 94 metres above sea level .
webnlg generated text : Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens and is in Spata .
webnlg reference text : Athens is served by Athens International Airport located in Spata .
webnlg generated text : Athens International Airport is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0 .
webnlg reference text : Athens International Airport is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0 .
webnlg generated text : Athens International Airport is located in Spata and serves the city of Athens .
webnlg reference text : Athens International Airport is located in Spata and serves the city of Athens .
webnlg generated text : Athens International Airport is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0 .
webnlg reference text : Athens International Airport is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0 .
webnlg generated text : Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey is in United States .
webnlg reference text : Don Guardian leads New Jersey ( United States where the township of Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey is .
webnlg generated text : Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , and serves Atlantic City ( New Jersey ) .
webnlg reference text : Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey is where Atlantic City International Airport , which serves serves Atlantic City , New Jersey , is located .
webnlg generated text : Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States and serves the city of Atlantic City ( led by Don Guardian ) .
webnlg reference text : Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey in United States and serves Atlantic City , New Jersey where Don Guardian is leader .
webnlg generated text : Don Guardian is the leader of Atlantic City , New Jersey which is served by Atlantic City International Airport located at Egg Harbor Township , in New Jersey , United States .
webnlg reference text : Atlantic City , New Jersey is led by Don Guardian and served by Atlantic City International Airport , Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States .
webnlg generated text : Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States .
webnlg reference text : Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey in United States .
webnlg generated text : Atlantic City International Airport is owned by South Jersey Transportation Authority whose leader is Stephen Dilts .
webnlg reference text : Atlantic City International Airport owner is South Jersey Transportation Authority headed by Stephen Dilts .
webnlg generated text : Atlantic City International Airport is owned by South Jersey Transportation Authority whose leader is Stephen Dilts .
webnlg reference text : Atlantic City International Airport is owned by South Jersey Transportation Authority , the head of which is Stephen Dilts .
webnlg generated text : Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States .
webnlg reference text : Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States .
webnlg generated text : Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium .
webnlg reference text : Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp which is a popular tourist destination in Belgium .
webnlg generated text : German language is one of the languages spoken in Belgium and Belgium leader is Charles Michel .
webnlg reference text : One of the languages spoken in Belgium is German language , and the leader is Charles Michel .
webnlg generated text : The leader of Belgium is Charles Michel and one of the languages used in Belgium is German language .
webnlg reference text : Charles Michel is the leader of Belgium where German language is spoken .
webnlg generated text : Antwerp in Belgium is served by Antwerp International Airport .
webnlg reference text : Antwerp is located in Belgium and served by Antwerp International Airport .
webnlg generated text : Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp , a popular tourist destination in Belgium where Charles Michel is a leader .
webnlg reference text : Antwerp International Airport services ( Charles Michel led Antwerp , Belgium .
webnlg generated text : Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium where Philippe of Belgium is the leader and French language is spoken .
webnlg reference text : Antwerp is served by Antwerp International Airport and is a popular tourism destination in Belgium where the leader is Philippe of Belgium and French language is spoken .
webnlg generated text : Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium .
webnlg reference text : Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium .
webnlg generated text : Philippe of Belgium is the leader of Belgium where French language is spoken .
webnlg reference text : Belgium leader is Philippe of Belgium and French language is one of the official language there .
webnlg generated text : Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp , a popular tourist destination in French language speaking Belgium ( led by Philippe of Belgium ) .
webnlg reference text : Antwerp International Airport services , French language speaking , Antwerp , Belgium ( led by Philippe of Belgium ) .
webnlg generated text : Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York which is part of Harrietstown , New New York , Essex County , NewYork , United States .
webnlg reference text : Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York part of Harrietstown , New York and Essex County , New York , United States .
webnlg generated text : Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York , which is part of Harrietstown , New New York and Essex County , NewNew York .
webnlg reference text : Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York which is part of Harrietstown , New York and Essex County , New York .
webnlg generated text : Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York which is part of Harrietstown , New New York , Essex County , NewYork , United States .
webnlg reference text : Adirondack Regional Airport serves Harrietstown , New York , Essex County , New York and Saranac Lake , New York ( United States .
webnlg generated text : Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Kurdish languages speaking Iraq , where Fuad Masum is the leader .
webnlg reference text : Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah , in Iraq , where Kurdish languages are spoken and Fuad Masum is the leader .
webnlg generated text : Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Fuad Masum led Iraq where Kurdish languages are spoken .
webnlg reference text : Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah , which is in Iraq , where Fuad Masum is the leader and Kurdish languages are spoken .
webnlg generated text : Kurdish languages are spoken in Iraq where Fuad Masum is the leader .
webnlg reference text : Kurdish languages are spoken in Iraq which is led by Fuad Masum .
webnlg generated text : Fallujah in Iraq is served by Al - Taqaddum Air Base .
webnlg reference text : Fallujah is in Iraq and served by Al - Taqaddum Air Base .
webnlg generated text : Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq .
webnlg reference text : Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq .
webnlg generated text : Haider al - Abadi is the leader of Iraq where Kurdish languages are spoken .
webnlg reference text : Iraq is led by Haider al - Abadi and uses Kurdish languages .
webnlg generated text : Haider al - Abadi is the leader of Iraq where Kurdish languages are spoken .
webnlg reference text : The leader of Iraq is Haider al - Abadi and Kurdish languages is spoken .
webnlg generated text : Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore and is located in Punjab , Pakistan , Pakistan .
webnlg reference text : Allama Iqbal International Airport , which serves the city of Lahore , is located in Punjab , Pakistan , Pakistan .
webnlg generated text : Lahore , Pakistan is served by Allama Iqbal International Airport located in Punjab , Pakistan where Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana is the leader .
webnlg reference text : Located in Pakistan , the city of Lahore is served by Allama Iqbal International Airport which is Punjab , Pakistan Pakistan , where the leader is Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana .
webnlg generated text : Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana is the leader of Punjab , Pakistan .
webnlg reference text : Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana is the leader of Punjab , Pakistan in Pakistan .
webnlg generated text : Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore .
webnlg reference text : Punjab , Pakistan is the location of Allama Iqbal International Airport which serves the city of Lahore .
webnlg generated text : Poaceae belongs to the division of Flowering plant , the order of Commelinids and the class of Monocotyledon .
webnlg reference text : Poaceae belongs to the division of Flowering plant , the order of Commelinids and the class of Monocotyledon .
webnlg generated text : The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney Airport is Poaceae .
webnlg reference text : Poaceae constitutes the surface of Alderney Airport .
webnlg generated text : Poaceae belongs to the order of Commelinids , in the class Monocotyledon and in the division of Flowering plant .
webnlg reference text : Poaceae is in the order of Commelinids , the class of Monocotyledon and belongs to the division of Flowering plant .
webnlg generated text : The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney Airport is Poaceae .
webnlg reference text : Poaceae forms the surface to Alderney Airport .
webnlg generated text : 103 Colmore Row was started in 1973 and completed in 1976 .
webnlg reference text : The building of 103 Colmore Row began in 1973 and 103 Colmore Row was completed in 1976 .
webnlg generated text : 103 Colmore Row is located in Birmingham and has 23 floors .
webnlg reference text : 103 Colmore Row is located at 103 Colmore Row , Birmingham and 103 Colmore Row has 23 floors .
webnlg generated text : 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , which has Cape Town as South Africa capital .
webnlg reference text : 11 Diagonal Street is in South Africa , the capital of which is Cape Town .
webnlg generated text : Ethnic groups in South Africa include Coloured and Asian South Africans .
webnlg reference text : Two of the ethnic groups within South Africa are Coloured and Asian South Africans .
webnlg generated text : Cleveland City Council governs Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio , United States where 200 Public Square is located .
webnlg reference text : Cleveland City Council govern Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio , United States where 200 Public Square is located .
webnlg generated text : 200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio , United States which is governed by Cleveland City Council .
webnlg reference text : 200 Public Square is in Cleveland , part of Cuyahoga County , Ohio in United States and the governing body is Cleveland City Council .
webnlg generated text : 250 Delaware Avenue , Buffalo , New York , cost 110 million ( dollars ) .
webnlg reference text : 250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo , New York and was built at a cost of 110 million ( dollars ) .
webnlg generated text : 250 Delaware Avenue has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 ( square metres ) .
webnlg reference text : 250 Delaware Avenue has 12 floors with a total area of 30843.8 ( square metres ) .
webnlg generated text : 250 Delaware Avenue in Buffalo , New York cost 110 million ( dollars ) , has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 ( square metres ) .
webnlg reference text : 250 Delaware Avenue in Buffalo , New York cost 110 million ( dollars ) and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843.8 ( square metres ) .
webnlg generated text : 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Cook County , Illinois , United States .
webnlg reference text : 300 North LaSalle is in Chicago , Cook County , Illinois , United States .
webnlg generated text : The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel .
webnlg reference text : Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago .
webnlg generated text : 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Cook County , Illinois , United States .
webnlg reference text : 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , which is a part of Cook County , Illinois , United States .
webnlg generated text : The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel .
webnlg reference text : Rahm Emanuel is a leader in Chicago .
webnlg generated text : Rahm Emanuel is a leader in Chicago , Cook County , Illinois , United States which is the location of 300 North LaSalle .
webnlg reference text : Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago , Cook County , Illinois , United States which is the location of 300 North LaSalle .
webnlg generated text : 300 North LaSalle , Illinois was completed in 2009 with 60 floors and a total floor area of 120770.0 ( square metres ) .
webnlg reference text : The building at 300 North LaSalle , Illinois , completed in 2009 , has 60 floors covering an area of 120770.0 ( square metres ) .
webnlg generated text : 300 North LaSalle , with a total area of 120770.0 ( square metres ) and 60 floors , is located in Illinois and was completed in 2009 .
webnlg reference text : 300 North LaSalle , a 120770.0 ( square metres ) @ 60 floor building in Illinois , was completed in 2009 .
webnlg generated text : 300 North LaSalle , Illinois was completed in 2009 with 60 floors and a total floor area of 120770.0 ( square metres ) .
webnlg reference text : 300 North LaSalle in Illinois was completed in 2009 and has 60 floors with a total area of 120770.0 ( square metres ) .
webnlg generated text : 3Arena is located in Dublin , Leinster , Republic of Ireland and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment .
webnlg reference text : The owner of 3Arena , Dublin , Leinster , Republic of Ireland is Live Nation Entertainment .
webnlg generated text : Dublin is part of Leinster in Republic of Ireland .
webnlg reference text : Dublin is part of Leinster and a city in Republic of Ireland .
webnlg generated text : 3Arena is located in Dublin and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment .
webnlg reference text : Dublin is also home to 3Arena which is currently owned by Live Nation Entertainment .
webnlg generated text : Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Copenhagen , which has 23 floors and was designed by 3XN .
webnlg reference text : Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Copenhagen which has 23 floors was designed by the architects 3XN .
webnlg generated text : AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Copenhagen has 23 floors .
webnlg reference text : AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Copenhagen and has 23 floors .
webnlg generated text : AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen was designed by 3XN and currently tenanted by Marriott International .
webnlg reference text : AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen was designed by the architects of 3XN and the current tenant is Marriott International .
webnlg generated text : Adare Manor is located in Adare , County Limerick , Munster , which is governed by Limerick City and County Council .
webnlg reference text : Adare Manor is located in Adare , County Limerick , Munster , which is governed by Limerick City and County Council .
webnlg generated text : Adare Manor is located in Adare , County Limerick , Munster , which is governed by Limerick City and County Council .
webnlg reference text : Adare Manor is located in Adare @ County Limerick , Munster which is governed by Limerick City and County Council .
webnlg generated text : Adare Manor is located in Adare , County Limerick , Munster .
webnlg reference text : Adare Manor is located in Adare , County Limerick , Munster .
webnlg generated text : Limerick City and County Council govern County Limerick .
webnlg reference text : County Limerick is governed by Limerick City and County Council .
webnlg generated text : Akita Museum of Art is in Akita , Akita ( part of Akita Prefecture ) in Japan , where Brazilians in Japan are an ethnic group .
webnlg reference text : Akita Museum of Art , located in Akita , Akita , part of Akita Prefecture , Japan displays art from Brazilians in Japan , one of the ethnic groups in Japan .
webnlg generated text : Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture in Japan .
webnlg reference text : Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , of Akita Prefecture in Japan .
webnlg generated text : Brazilians in Japan are an ethnic group in Japan .
webnlg reference text : Brazilians in Japan are one of the Japan ethnic groups .
webnlg generated text : Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita which is in Japan .
webnlg reference text : Akita Museum of Art is an art museum in the city of Akita , Akita , in Japan .
webnlg generated text : Akita , Akita is part of Akita Prefecture .
webnlg reference text : Akita , Akita is part of Akita Prefecture .
webnlg generated text : Brazilians in Japan are an ethnic group in Japan .
webnlg reference text : Many Brazilians in Japan people live in Japan .
webnlg generated text : Japan @ Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture .
webnlg reference text : Akita Museum of Art is an art museum in the Japan city of Akita , Akita on Akita Prefecture .
webnlg generated text : One of the ethnic groups in Japan is Filipinos in Japan .
webnlg reference text : Japan is diverse with a number of ethnic groups including Filipinos in Japan .
webnlg generated text : Akita Museum of Art is an art museum in the city of Akita , Akita in Akita Prefecture , Japan , where there is an ethnic group of Filipinos in Japan .
webnlg reference text : Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita ( in Japan ) , part of Akita Prefecture , where one of the ethnic groups is Filipinos in Japan .
webnlg generated text : Filipinos in Japan are one of the ethnic groups in Japan where Akita Museum of Art is located .
webnlg reference text : Japan , home to many Filipinos in Japan , is home to Akita Museum of Art in Akita Prefecture .
webnlg generated text : Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture , which is in Japan and Akita , Akita .
webnlg reference text : Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture of Japan , in Akita , Akita .
webnlg generated text : Vietnamese people in Japan are an ethnic group in Japan .
webnlg reference text : One ethnic group of Japan is Vietnamese people in Japan .
webnlg generated text : Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture , Akita , Japan , a country with an ethnic group of Vietnamese people in Japan .
webnlg reference text : Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture , in Akita , Akita , Japan , a country with the ethnic group of Vietnamese people in Japan .
webnlg generated text : Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture in Japan .
webnlg reference text : Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan .
webnlg generated text : Vietnamese people in Japan are an ethnic group in Japan .
webnlg reference text : Vietnamese people in Japan in Japan are an ethnic group from Japan .
webnlg generated text : Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture in Japan .
webnlg reference text : Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , which is part of Akita Prefecture in Japan .
webnlg generated text : Brazilians in Japan are an ethnic group in Japan .
webnlg reference text : Brazilians in Japan in Japan are an ethnic group found in Japan .
webnlg generated text : Brazilians in Japan are one of the ethnic groups in Japan which is the location of Akita Museum of Art in Akita , Akita and Akita Prefecture .
webnlg reference text : Brazilians in Japan are one of the ethnic groups of Japan where Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , Akita Prefecture .
webnlg generated text : College of William & Mary is the owner of Alan B. Miller Hall which was completed on 1 June 2009 at 101 Ukrop Way in Williamsburg , Virginia .
webnlg reference text : College of William & Mary own Alan B. Miller Hall which was completed on 1 June 2009 at 101 Ukrop Way , Williamsburg , Virginia .
webnlg generated text : Alan B. Miller Hall at 101 Ukrop Way , Williamsburg , Virginia was completed on 1 June 2009 and is owned by College of William & Mary .
webnlg reference text : Alan B. Miller Hall , 101 Ukrop Way , Williamsburg , Virginia was completed on 1 June 2009 and is owned by College of William & Mary .
webnlg generated text : Alan B. Miller Hall at 101 Ukrop Way , Williamsburg , Virginia was completed on 1 June 2009 .
webnlg reference text : Alan B. Miller Hall is located on 101 Ukrop Way , Williamsburg , Virginia and Alan B. Miller Hall was completed on 1 June 2009 .
webnlg generated text : College of William & Mary is the owner of Alan B. Miller Hall .
webnlg reference text : Alan B. Miller Hall is owned by College of William & Mary .
webnlg generated text : Sumitra Mahajan and Narendra Modi are leaders of India where Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat .
webnlg reference text : Sumitra Mahajan and Narendra Modi are leaders of India where Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat .
webnlg generated text : Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India , whose leaders include Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan .
webnlg reference text : Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India where Narendra Modi is the prime minister and one of the leaders is Sumitra Mahajan .
webnlg generated text : Asilomar Conference Grounds were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1987 - 02 - 27 ( reference number 87000823 ) in 1913 and are located in Pacific Grove , California .
webnlg reference text : Added to National Register of Historic Places on 1987 - 02 - 27 ( reference number 87000823 ) , Asilomar Conference Grounds was built in 1913 and are located in Pacific Grove , California .
webnlg generated text : Asilomar Conference Grounds constructed in 1913 is located in Pacific Grove , California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1987 - 02 - 27 with the reference number 87000823 .
webnlg reference text : Asilomar Conference Grounds were constructed in 1913 in Pacific Grove , California , and were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1987 - 02 - 27 with reference number 87000823 .
webnlg generated text : Asilomar Conference Grounds , constructed in 1913 is located at Pacific Grove , California .
webnlg reference text : Asilomar Conference Grounds constructed in 1913 is located at Pacific Grove , California .
webnlg generated text : Asilomar Conference Grounds was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1987 - 02 - 27 with the reference number 87000823 .
webnlg reference text : Asilomar Conference Grounds was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1987 - 02 - 27 with the reference number 87000823 .
webnlg generated text : Asser Levy Public Baths are located in Avenue A ( Manhattan ) , were constructed in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980 - 04 - 23 with 80002709 .
webnlg reference text : Located in Avenue A ( Manhattan ) , Asser Levy Public Baths was built in 1904 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980 - 04 - 23 with the reference number of 80002709 .
webnlg generated text : Asser Levy Public Baths constructed in 1904 are located on Avenue A ( Manhattan ) and were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980 - 04 - 23 with 80002709 .
webnlg reference text : Built in 1904 and located in Avenue A ( Manhattan ) , Asser Levy Public Baths was added to the National Register of the Historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 ( reference number 80002709 ) .
webnlg generated text : Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , parts of which are Brooklyn and Manhattan ( where Cyrus Vance , Jr. is the leader ) .
webnlg reference text : The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in Brooklyn , Manhattan , New York City where Cyrus Vance , Jr. is one of the leaders .
webnlg generated text : Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , parts of which are Brooklyn and Manhattan .
webnlg reference text : Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City which has sections known as Brooklyn and Manhattan .
webnlg generated text : The leader of Manhattan is Cyrus Vance , Jr. .
webnlg reference text : Cyrus Vance , Jr. is the leader of Manhattan .
webnlg generated text : Cyrus Vance , Jr. is one of the leaders of Manhattan , which is part of Brooklyn and is the location of Asser Levy Public Baths .
webnlg reference text : Manhattan ( leader : Cyrus Vance , Jr. ) and Brooklyn are parts of New York City , which is home to Asser Levy Public Baths .
webnlg generated text : Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City in United States .
webnlg reference text : Asser Levy Public Baths are in New York City , United States .
webnlg generated text : Manhattan is one part of New York City and is lead by Gale Brewer .
webnlg reference text : Gale Brewer is the leader of Manhattan , which is a part of New York City .
webnlg generated text : Gale Brewer is the leader of Manhattan , which is a part of New York City in United States , where Asser Levy Public Baths are located .
webnlg reference text : Gale Brewer is the leader of Manhattan , New York City , United States where Asser Levy Public Baths are located .
webnlg generated text : 103 Colmore Row was designed by John Madin who was born in Birmingham .
webnlg reference text : 103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin , who was born in Birmingham .
webnlg generated text : B postcode area is the postal code of Birmingham and the leader is Andrew Mitchell .
webnlg reference text : B postcode area is the postal code of Birmingham and Birmingham leader is Andrew Mitchell .
webnlg generated text : Andrew Mitchell is the leader of Birmingham which has B postcode area and is the birthplace of John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row .
webnlg reference text : Led by Andrew Mitchell , Birmingham has B postcode area and is the birthplace of 103 Colmore Row architect , John Madin .
webnlg generated text : Birmingham ( which has B postcode area ) is lead by Labour Party ( UK ) and is the birthplace of John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row .
webnlg reference text : Birmingham has B postcode area , is led by Labour Party ( UK ) and is the birthplace of architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row .
webnlg generated text : 103 Colmore Row was designed by John Madin who was born in Birmingham .
webnlg reference text : 103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect , John Madin who was born in Birmingham .
webnlg generated text : Labour Party ( UK ) lead Birmingham , which has B postcode area .
webnlg reference text : Birmingham Council is led by Labour Party ( UK ) and has a B postcode area postal code .
webnlg generated text : Anandiben Patel is the leader of Gujarat , India , the location of Amdavad ni Gufa .
webnlg reference text : Anandiben Patel was the leader of Gujarat , India , where Amdavad ni Gufa is located .
webnlg generated text : Sumitra Mahajan is a leader in India .
webnlg reference text : The leader of India name is Sumitra Mahajan .
webnlg generated text : Anandiben Patel is the leader of Gujarat , India , the location of Amdavad ni Gufa .
webnlg reference text : Anandiben Patel is a leader in Gujarat , India where Amdavad ni Gufa is located .
webnlg generated text : Sumitra Mahajan is a leader in India .
webnlg reference text : Sumitra Mahajan is also an India leader .
webnlg generated text : Two leaders of India are T. S. Thakur and Narendra Modi .
webnlg reference text : T. S. Thakur was an India leader but the current leader of India is Narendra Modi .
webnlg generated text : Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India .
webnlg reference text : Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India .
webnlg generated text : Narendra Modi and T. S. Thakur are leaders in India .
webnlg reference text : The Prime Minister of India is Narendra Modi , and T. S. Thakur is another leader .
webnlg generated text : Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India .
webnlg reference text : India is the location of Amdavad ni Gufa in Gujarat .
webnlg generated text : Brazilians in Japan are one of the ethnic groups in Japan where Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture .
webnlg reference text : Brazilians in Japan are one of the ethnic groups found in Japan which is the location of Akita Museum of Art , Akita , Akita , Akita Prefecture .
webnlg generated text : Brazilians in Japan are one of the ethnic groups in Japan where Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture .
webnlg reference text : Brazilians in Japan are one of the ethnic groups of Japan where Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , Akita Prefecture .
webnlg generated text : Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture , Akita , Japan .
webnlg reference text : Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture ( Akita , Akita which is located in Japan .
webnlg generated text : Brazilians in Japan are an ethnic group in Japan .
webnlg reference text : One of the ethnic groups in Japan is Brazilians in Japan .
webnlg generated text : Parliament of the United Kingdom is the leader of London .
webnlg reference text : Parliament of the United Kingdom is the leader of London , the capital city .
webnlg generated text : Elizabeth II is the leader of United Kingdom which is the location of 20 Fenchurch Street .
webnlg reference text : Elizabeth II is also a leader and 20 Fenchurch Street is located in United Kingdom .
webnlg generated text : London is the capital of United Kingdom and Parliament of the United Kingdom is lead by Elizabeth II .
webnlg reference text : London is the capital of United Kingdom , which is governed by Parliament of the United Kingdom and has Elizabeth II as United Kingdom leader .
webnlg generated text : United Kingdom is the location of 20 Fenchurch Street .
webnlg reference text : 20 Fenchurch Street is located in United Kingdom .
webnlg generated text : 20 Fenchurch Street is located in United Kingdom , where the capital is London , Parliament of the United Kingdom is lead by Elizabeth II .
webnlg reference text : 20 Fenchurch Street is located in United Kingdom , which has London is United Kingdom capital , and is ruled by Parliament of the United Kingdom and Elizabeth II .
webnlg generated text : 250 Delaware Avenue is located in United States , where English language is the main language and the leader has the title President of the United States .
webnlg reference text : 250 Delaware Avenue is located in United States , where English language is spoken and the leader has the title President of the United States .
webnlg generated text : 250 Delaware Avenue is located in United States , where President of the United States is the leader , English language is the language spoken and Joe Biden is a political leader .
webnlg reference text : 250 Delaware Avenue is located in United States where the leader is known as President of the United States of United States , they speak English language and Joe Biden is also a leader .
webnlg generated text : Guanciale is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which comes from Italy and Lazio .
webnlg reference text : Guanciale is an ingredient used in the preparation of Amatriciana sauce which is Italy , that comes from the region of Lazio .
webnlg generated text : Guanciale is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce which comes from the Lazio region of Italy .
webnlg reference text : Guanciale is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce which comes from the Lazio region in Italy .
webnlg generated text : Guanciale is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which comes from Italy and is a sauce from Lazio .
webnlg reference text : Amatriciana sauce containing Guanciale , is Italy from the Lazio region .
webnlg generated text : Arem - arem is Javanese cuisine made from compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
webnlg reference text : A dish of Javanese cuisine , Arem - arem has compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
webnlg generated text : Arem - arem is Javanese cuisine made from compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
webnlg reference text : Arem - arem is a Javanese cuisine dish and the main ingredients of Arem - arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
webnlg generated text : Arrabbiata sauce includes Tomato which belongs to the division of Flowering plant and the family of Solanaceae .
webnlg reference text : Tomato , used when making Arrabbiata sauce , is part of the Flowering plant division and the Solanaceae family .
webnlg generated text : Arrabbiata sauce includes Tomato which belongs to the division of Flowering plant and the family of Solanaceae .
webnlg reference text : Tomato , an ingredient of Arrabbiata sauce , is part of the Flowering plant division and belongs to the family of Solanaceae .
webnlg generated text : Arrabbiata sauce includes Tomato which is part of the family of Solanaceae and belongs to the division of Flowering plant .
webnlg reference text : An ingredient found in Arrabbiata sauce is Tomato , which belongs to the Solanaceae family and is pat of the Flowering plant division .
webnlg generated text : An ingredient used in the preparation of Arrabbiata sauce , a traditional dish from Rome , Italy , is Olive oil .
webnlg reference text : Rome , Italy is where Arrabbiata sauce is from , Arrabbiata sauce includes Olive oil as an ingredient used in Arrabbiata sauce preparation .
webnlg generated text : Olive oil is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which is a traditional dish from Rome , Italy .
webnlg reference text : Arrabbiata sauce is made from Olive oil and comes from Rome in Italy .
webnlg generated text : Arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish from Rome , Italy .
webnlg reference text : Arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish from Rome , Italy .
webnlg generated text : Olive oil is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce .
webnlg reference text : Olive oil is one of the ingredients in Arrabbiata sauce .
webnlg generated text : Tomato is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which is a traditional dish from Rome , Italy .
webnlg reference text : Tomato are found in Arrabbiata sauce , which is a dish from Rome in Italy .
webnlg generated text : Arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish from Rome , Italy and includes Tomato .
webnlg reference text : Arrabbiata sauce originates from the region of Rome , Italy , and Tomato is one of Arrabbiata sauce ingredients .
webnlg generated text : Asam pedas is a dish of Fish cooked in sour and hot sauce found in Malay Peninsula , Malaysia .
webnlg reference text : Fish cooked in sour and hot sauce is called Asam pedas and can be found in the Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia .
webnlg generated text : Asam pedas is a food from Malay Peninsula and the main ingredients are Fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
webnlg reference text : The main ingredient of Asam pedas , which hails from Malay Peninsula , is Fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
webnlg generated text : Asam pedas is a food from Malay Peninsula and the main ingredients are Fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
webnlg reference text : Asam pedas is a food from the Malay Peninsula region and the main ingredients are Fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
webnlg generated text : Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and Arifin Zakaria is the leader .
webnlg reference text : Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , where the capital is Kuala Lumpur , and Arifin Zakaria is the leader .
webnlg generated text : Kuala Lumpur is the capital of Malaysia where Arifin Zakaria is leader and Asam pedas is a local food .
webnlg reference text : The capitol city of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur , the country is led by Arifin Zakaria and is home to Asam pedas .
webnlg generated text : Kuala Lumpur is the capital of Malaysia .
webnlg reference text : Kuala Lumpur is the capital of Malaysia .
webnlg generated text : Ayam penyet is a popular dish in Indonesia and Malaysia .
webnlg reference text : From Indonesia , Ayam penyet , is a popular dish in Malaysia .
webnlg generated text : Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group from Malaysia .
webnlg reference text : Malaysian Chinese is an ethnic group from Malaysia .
webnlg generated text : Ayam penyet is a dish from Indonesia and is also popular in Malaysia where Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group .
webnlg reference text : Ayam penyet is found in Indonesia and Malaysia , home of Malaysian Chinese .
webnlg generated text : BLT is a variation of Club sandwich and contains Lettuce .
webnlg reference text : A variation on Club sandwich , BLT , has Lettuce as an ingredient .
webnlg generated text : Another variation for Bacon sandwich is BLT .
webnlg reference text : A variation of BLT is Bacon sandwich .
webnlg generated text : Lettuce is an ingredient in BLT which is a variation of Club sandwich .
webnlg reference text : Lettuce is an ingredient in BLT which is a variation of Club sandwich .
webnlg generated text : Bacon sandwich is a variation of BLT .
webnlg reference text : While Bacon sandwich is a variation of BLT .
webnlg generated text : Bacon Explosion comes from United States , where Barack Obama is the leader and White Americans are an ethnic group .
webnlg reference text : Bacon Explosion come from United States where Barack Obama is the leader and White Americans are an ethnic group .
webnlg generated text : Bacon Explosion comes from United States , where Barack Obama is the leader and White Americans are an ethnic group .
webnlg reference text : Bacon Explosion is found in United States , led by Barack Obama and inhabited by White Americans .
webnlg generated text : Bacon Explosion comes from United States , where John Roberts is a leader and the capital is Washington , D.C. .
webnlg reference text : Bacon Explosion originates in United States , where John Roberts is a leader and the capital is Washington , D.C. .
webnlg generated text : BLT is a variation of Club sandwich and includes Bread as an ingredient .
webnlg reference text : BLT and Bacon sandwich are variations of Club sandwich which has Bread as an ingredient .
webnlg generated text : BLT is a variation of both Club sandwich and Bacon sandwich ( which contains Bread ) .
webnlg reference text : BLT is a variation on Club sandwich or Bacon sandwich , all three are made with Bread .
webnlg generated text : BLT is a variation of Club sandwich and includes Bread as an ingredient .
webnlg reference text : Another variation for Bacon sandwich is BLT , a variation on Club sandwich with Bread as an ingredient .
webnlg generated text : Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska , which comes from both New York and France .
webnlg reference text : Sponge cake is one of the ingredients of Baked Alaska which comes from the region of New York and France .
webnlg generated text : Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska , which comes from France and New York .
webnlg reference text : Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which is claimed to come from France and New York .
webnlg generated text : Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska , which comes from both New York and France .
webnlg reference text : Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska , which it is claimed originated in New York and France .
webnlg generated text : The leader of France is Manuel Valls where Euro is the currency and Baked Alaska is a dish .
webnlg reference text : The leader of France is Manuel Valls where Euro is the currency and Baked Alaska is from .
webnlg generated text : The Euro is the currency of France where Manuel Valls is the leader and Baked Alaska is a dish .
webnlg reference text : The currency of France is Euro , it is also where Manuel Valls is a leader and Baked Alaska is a popular dish .
webnlg generated text : Baked Alaska , from United States and New York , contains Christmas pudding .
webnlg reference text : Baked Alaska is a dish found in United States which contains Christmas pudding and comes from New York .
webnlg generated text : Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from the New York region and is found in United States .
webnlg reference text : Baked Alaska contains Christmas pudding and is from the New York region of United States .
webnlg generated text : Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from the New York region and is found in United States .
webnlg reference text : Christmas pudding is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which is a dish from the New York region and found in the whole of United States .
webnlg generated text : Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska , Dessert .
webnlg reference text : Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which is Dessert .
webnlg generated text : Cookie is also Dessert .
webnlg reference text : Another type of Dessert is Cookie .
webnlg generated text : Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which is Dessert , a variation of which is Cookie .
webnlg reference text : Sponge cake is an ingredient in Dessert @ Baked Alaska , Another type of Dessert is Cookie .
webnlg generated text : Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which is Dessert , as is Cookie .
webnlg reference text : Sponge cake is a part of Dessert @ Baked Alaska , Cookie are also Dessert .
webnlg generated text : Bakewell pudding main ingredients are Ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
webnlg reference text : Bakewell pudding main ingredients are Ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
webnlg generated text : Bakewell pudding is Dessert that originates from Derbyshire Dales .
webnlg reference text : Bakewell pudding is Dessert from the Derbyshire Dales region .
webnlg generated text : Bakewell pudding is Dessert that originates from Derbyshire Dales that includes Ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
webnlg reference text : Bakewell pudding is Dessert that originates from Derbyshire Dales and contains the ingredients Ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
webnlg generated text : Bakewell pudding main ingredients are Ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
webnlg reference text : The main ingredients of Bakewell pudding are Ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
webnlg generated text : Bakewell pudding is Dessert that originates from Derbyshire Dales .
webnlg reference text : Bakewell pudding is classed as Dessert and comes from the region of Derbyshire Dales .
webnlg generated text : Bakewell tart is a variant of Bakewell pudding which originates from Derbyshire Dales .
webnlg reference text : Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding which originates from Derbyshire Dales .
webnlg generated text : Bakewell pudding main ingredients are Ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
webnlg reference text : Some main ingredients in Bakewell pudding are Ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
webnlg generated text : Bakewell pudding main ingredients are Ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
webnlg reference text : The main ingredients of Bakewell pudding are Ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
webnlg generated text : Bakewell tart is a variant of Bakewell pudding which originates from Derbyshire Dales .
webnlg reference text : Bakewell pudding is a variant of Bakewell tart and comes from the Derbyshire Dales region .
webnlg generated text : Bakewell pudding main ingredients are Ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
webnlg reference text : Bakewell pudding has Ground almond , jam , butter , eggs as main ingredients .
webnlg generated text : Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region .
webnlg reference text : Bakewell pudding is a variation of Bakewell pudding and originates from Derbyshire Dales .
webnlg generated text : Beef is an ingredient of Bakso which comes from Indonesia .
webnlg reference text : Beef is an ingredient of Bakso which comes from and is found in Indonesia .
webnlg generated text : Beef is an ingredient of Bakso which comes from Indonesia .
webnlg reference text : Beef is an ingredient of Bakso which is a dish that comes from a region in Indonesia .
webnlg generated text : Beef is an ingredient of Bakso which comes from Indonesia .
webnlg reference text : Beef is an ingredient of Bakso which comes from the region of Indonesia .
webnlg generated text : Bandeja paisa is Colombian cuisine from Paisa Region .
webnlg reference text : Part of Colombian cuisine , Bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the Paisa Region region .
webnlg generated text : Avocado is one of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa .
webnlg reference text : One of the main ingredients in Bandeja paisa is Avocado .
webnlg generated text : Avocado is one of the ingredients in Colombian cuisine Bandeja paisa .
webnlg reference text : Avocado is one of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa , which is a dish from Colombian cuisine .
webnlg generated text : Bandeja paisa originates from Paisa Region .
webnlg reference text : Bandeja paisa originates from the Paisa Region region .
webnlg generated text : Avocado is one of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa which is Colombian cuisine from Paisa Region .
webnlg reference text : Avocado is one of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa , which is Colombian cuisine originating from the Paisa Region region .
webnlg generated text : Bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from Paisa Region of Colombian cuisine .
webnlg reference text : Bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the Paisa Region region and part of Colombian cuisine .
webnlg generated text : Hogao is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa .
webnlg reference text : Hogao is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa .
webnlg generated text : Bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from Paisa Region of Colombian cuisine and includes Hogao .
webnlg reference text : Bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the Paisa Region region of Colombian cuisine and includes the ingredient Hogao .
webnlg generated text : Bandeja paisa , containing Hogao , is from Paisa Region and part of Colombian cuisine .
webnlg reference text : Hogao is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa cuisine which is from the Paisa Region region of Colombian cuisine .
webnlg generated text : Barny Cakes come from France where two of the leaders are Claude Bartolone and Manuel Valls .
webnlg reference text : Barny Cakes come from France where two of the leaders are Claude Bartolone and Manuel Valls .
webnlg generated text : Barny Cakes can be found in France .
webnlg reference text : Barny Cakes come from France .
webnlg generated text : Claude Bartolone and Manuel Valls are leaders in France .
webnlg reference text : Claude Bartolone and Manuel Valls are leaders in France .
webnlg generated text : Barny Cakes come from France where two of the leaders are Claude Bartolone and Manuel Valls .
webnlg reference text : Barny Cakes can be found in France where Claude Bartolone and Manuel Valls are leaders .
webnlg generated text : The main ingredients of Batchoy , which is eaten in Philippines , are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
webnlg reference text : Eaten in Philippines , Batchoy has the main ingredients , noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
webnlg generated text : Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from .
webnlg reference text : Batchoy is a dish eaten in Philippines .
webnlg generated text : The main ingredients of Batchoy are Noodle , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
webnlg reference text : Batchoy is a Noodle dish which includes noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
webnlg generated text : The main ingredients of Batchoy are Noodle , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
webnlg reference text : Noodle are an ingredient in Batchoy , Batchoy also includes noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
webnlg generated text : Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from .
webnlg reference text : Batchoy hails from Philippines .
webnlg generated text : The main ingredients of Batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
webnlg reference text : The main ingredients of Batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
webnlg generated text : Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from .
webnlg reference text : Batchoy is eaten in Philippines .
webnlg generated text : The main ingredients of Batchoy , which is eaten in Philippines , are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
webnlg reference text : Batchoy is eaten in Philippines and the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
webnlg generated text : The main ingredients of Batchoy , which is eaten in Philippines , are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
webnlg reference text : Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from , Batchoy main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
webnlg generated text : Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore where Beef kway teow is a popular dish .
webnlg reference text : Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore , where Beef kway teow is from .
webnlg generated text : Beef kway teow is available Nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia .
webnlg reference text : Beef kway teow is popular Nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia .
webnlg generated text : Beef kway teow is available Nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia and also in Singapore where Tony Tan is the leader .
webnlg reference text : A popular dish in Nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia is Beef kway teow , Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore .
webnlg generated text : Beef kway teow is a dish of Singapore and Indonesia that contains Sesame oil .
webnlg reference text : An ingredient in Beef kway teow , from the Singapore region and popular in Indonesia , is Sesame oil .
webnlg generated text : Beef kway teow is a dish of Singapore and Indonesia that contains Sesame oil .
webnlg reference text : Beef kway teow is from Singapore and Indonesia and is made with Sesame oil .
webnlg generated text : Beef kway teow is a dish of Singapore and Indonesia that contains Sesame oil .
webnlg reference text : Beef kway teow comes from the Singapore region of Indonesia and has Sesame oil as an ingredient .
webnlg generated text : Beef kway teow originates from Singapore and is also made in Singapore and Indonesia .
webnlg reference text : Beef kway teow originates from Singapore and is also made in Singapore and Indonesia .
webnlg generated text : Oyster sauce is an ingredient in Beef kway teow .
webnlg reference text : One of the ingredients in Beef kway teow is Oyster sauce .
webnlg generated text : Beef kway teow originates from Singapore and is also made in Singapore and Indonesia .
webnlg reference text : Beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in Singapore , the Singapore region and Singapore and Indonesia .
webnlg generated text : Oyster sauce is an ingredient in Beef kway teow .
webnlg reference text : Beef kway teow contains Oyster sauce among the ingredients .
webnlg generated text : Bhajji originates from India where the leader is Sumitra Mahajan and the currency is Indian rupee .
webnlg reference text : Bhajji comes from the country India , which leader is Sumitra Mahajan and India currency is Indian rupee .
webnlg generated text : Banana is an ingredient in Binignit , which is served as Dessert .
webnlg reference text : Banana is an ingredient in Binignit which is Dessert .
webnlg generated text : Cookie is also Dessert .
webnlg reference text : Cookie is also Dessert .
webnlg generated text : Banana is an ingredient in Binignit , which along with Cookie are Dessert .
webnlg reference text : Cookie and Binignit , which contains Banana as a key ingredient , are types of Dessert and should be served as Dessert .
webnlg generated text : Binignit is Dessert that contains Banana .
webnlg reference text : Binignit is Dessert which contains the ingredient of Banana .
webnlg generated text : Cookie is also Dessert .
webnlg reference text : Cookie is another Dessert .
webnlg generated text : Binignit , which contains Sago , and Cookie are types of Dessert .
webnlg reference text : Binignit is a type of Dessert with the ingredient Sago , Cookie is also Dessert .
webnlg generated text : Cookie and Binignit are Dessert .
webnlg reference text : Cookie and Binignit are types of Dessert .
webnlg generated text : Sago is an ingredient of Binignit .
webnlg reference text : A key ingredient of Binignit is Sago .
webnlg generated text : Sago is an ingredient of Binignit , Dessert .
webnlg reference text : Sago is one of the ingredients in Binignit which is a Dessert course .
webnlg generated text : Cookie is also Dessert .
webnlg reference text : Cookie are also a type of Dessert .
webnlg generated text : Taro is an ingredient in Binignit , Dessert .
webnlg reference text : Taro is an ingredient in Binignit which is Dessert .
webnlg generated text : Cookie is also Dessert .
webnlg reference text : Similarly , Cookie is Dessert .
webnlg generated text : Taro is an ingredient in Binignit , Dessert .
webnlg reference text : Taro is an ingredient in Binignit which should be served as the Dessert course .
webnlg generated text : Cookie is also Dessert .
webnlg reference text : Cookie is Dessert .
webnlg generated text : Cookie is also Dessert , as is Binignit which contains Taro .
webnlg reference text : Cookie is a type of Dessert , sames as Binignit , that is an ingredient found in Taro .
webnlg generated text : Sweet potato are part of the order of Solanales and are an ingredient in Binignit .
webnlg reference text : Sweet potato , from the Solanales order of plants , and Banana are two of the key ingredients in Binignit .
webnlg generated text : One of the main ingredients of Binignit is Sweet potato which belongs to the Solanales order of plants .
webnlg reference text : The main ingredient of Binignit is Sweet potato , which is of the order of Solanales .
webnlg generated text : Banana is an ingredient in Binignit .
webnlg reference text : Banana is another ingredient of Binignit .
webnlg generated text : Sweet potato are part of the order of Solanales and are an ingredient in Binignit .
webnlg reference text : Sweet potato are part of the order of Solanales and are one of the main ingredients of Binignit , along with Banana .
webnlg generated text : Bionico is a Mexico food that contains Granola and is served as Dessert .
webnlg reference text : Found in Mexico , Bionico ( with Granola as an ingredient ) , is served at the Dessert course .
webnlg generated text : Bionico is served as Dessert .
webnlg reference text : Bionico is served as a Dessert course .
webnlg generated text : Bionico is a food found in Mexico that contains Granola .
webnlg reference text : Bionico is found in Mexico and requires Granola as an ingredient .
webnlg generated text : Bionico contains Raisin and is found in Guadalajara , Mexico .
webnlg reference text : Bionico is a food which contains Raisin from Guadalajara , Mexico .
webnlg generated text : Bionico contains Raisin and is found in Guadalajara , Mexico .
webnlg reference text : Bionico , which contains Raisin , is from the Guadalajara region of Mexico .
webnlg generated text : Bionico is from the Guadalajara region of Mexico and contains Raisin .
webnlg reference text : Bionico can be found in Guadalajara , Mexico , and Bionico contains Raisin .
webnlg generated text : Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico .
webnlg reference text : Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader in Mexico .
webnlg generated text : The currency of Mexico is Mexican peso and Bionico is a food found there .
webnlg reference text : Mexico where the currency is Mexican peso and where Bionico is found .
webnlg generated text : Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico , where the currency is Mexican peso .
webnlg reference text : The name of the leader in Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo whose currency is Mexican peso .
webnlg generated text : Bionico is a food found in Mexico .
webnlg reference text : Bionico is a food found in Mexico .
webnlg generated text : Bionico is a food found in Mexico , where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and the currency is Mexican peso .
webnlg reference text : Bionico is from Mexico where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader and the currency is Mexican peso .
webnlg generated text : Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy where the capital is Rome and the leader is Pietro Grasso .
webnlg reference text : Amatriciana sauce comes from Italy which has the capital city of Rome and is led by Pietro Grasso .
webnlg generated text : Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy .
webnlg reference text : Italy is the country Amatriciana sauce comes from .
webnlg generated text : The capital of Italy is Rome and Italy leader is Pietro Grasso .
webnlg reference text : The capital of Italy is Rome and the leader is Pietro Grasso .
webnlg generated text : Batchoy is eaten in Philippines where Arabic is one of the languages and Igorot people are an ethnic group .
webnlg reference text : Batchoy is a dish from Philippines , where Arabic is spoken and where one of the ethnic groups is Igorot people .
webnlg generated text : Batchoy is eaten in Philippines where Igorot people are an ethnic group and one of the languages spoken is Arabic .
webnlg reference text : Batchoy is a dish from Philippines , where Igorot people are part of one of the ethnic groups and where one of the languages spoken is Arabic .
webnlg generated text : Batchoy is eaten in Philippines where Igorot people are an ethnic group and one of the languages is Arabic .
webnlg reference text : Batchoy comes from Philippines where Igorot people are an ethnic group and one of the languages is Arabic .
webnlg generated text : Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore where English language is spoken and Beef kway teow is a popular dish .
webnlg reference text : The leader of Singapore is Tony Tan where English language is spoken and Beef kway teow is a popular dish .
webnlg generated text : Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore where Tony Tan is the leader and English language is spoken .
webnlg reference text : Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore where Tony Tan is the leader and English language is spoken .
webnlg generated text : Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore where English language is spoken and Beef kway teow is a popular dish .
webnlg reference text : Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore , where English language is spoken and Beef kway teow is a popular dish .
webnlg generated text : Tomato belongs to the family of Solanaceae and is of the order Solanales , and is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce .
webnlg reference text : Tomato which are part of the Solanaceae family and Solanales order are a key ingredient in Amatriciana sauce .
webnlg generated text : One of Amatriciana sauce ingredients is Tomato which is part of the Solanaceae family and the order of Solanales .
webnlg reference text : Tomato , used in Amatriciana sauce , belongs to the family Solanaceae and is of the order Solanales .
webnlg generated text : Tomato , from the order Solanales and the family of Solanaceae , is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce .
webnlg reference text : Tomato belong to the order of Solanales , the family of Solanaceae , and are an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce .
webnlg generated text : Aarhus Airport is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S and has a runway length of 2776.0 .
webnlg reference text : Operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S , Aarhus Airport has a runway length of 2776.0 and a runway name Aarhus Lufthavn A / S .
webnlg generated text : Aarhus Airport , operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S , has a runway length of 2776.0 and a runway name of 10R/28L .
webnlg reference text : Aarhus Airport is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S and Aarhus Airport @ 2776.0 long runway is called 10R/28L .
webnlg generated text : Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid , New York and Saranac Lake , New New York .
webnlg reference text : Adirondack Regional Airport serves both Lake Placid , New York and Saranac Lake , New York .
webnlg generated text : The runway length of Adirondack Regional Airport is 2003.0 .
webnlg reference text : The length of the runway at Adirondack Regional Airport is 2003.0 .
webnlg generated text : Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid , New York and Saranac Lake , New New York .
webnlg reference text : Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid , New York and Saranac Lake , New York .
webnlg generated text : Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid , New York and Saranac Lake ( New York ) , and is 2003.0 long .
webnlg reference text : Lake Placid , New York is served by Adirondack Regional Airport , where the length of the runway is 2003.0 and serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York .
webnlg generated text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport can be found in Paracuellos de Jarama which is part of Community of Madrid in Spain .
webnlg reference text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is in Paracuellos de Jarama , which is located in Community of Madrid , Spain .
webnlg generated text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport can be found in Paracuellos de Jarama which is part of Community of Madrid in Spain .
webnlg reference text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located at Paracuellos de Jarama which is part of Community of Madrid , Spain .
webnlg generated text : Agra Airport , with the ICAO location identifier of VIAG , is located in Uttar Pradesh and operated by Indian Air Force .
webnlg reference text : Agra Airport ( ICAO Location Identifier - VIAG ) is located in Uttar Pradesh and operated by Indian Air Force .
webnlg generated text : Agra Airport , with the ICAO location identifier of VIAG , is located in Uttar Pradesh and operated by Indian Air Force .
webnlg reference text : Agra Airport ( VIAG in Uttar Pradesh is operated by Indian Air Force .
webnlg generated text : Operated by Indian Air Force , Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh and has the ICAO location identifier of VIAG .
webnlg reference text : Indian Air Force operates Agra Airport which is located in Uttar Pradesh and has the ICAO location identifier VIAG .
webnlg generated text : United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad Airbase in Iraq which has a runway length of 3992.88 .
webnlg reference text : Operated by United States Air Force , Al Asad Airbase is in Iraq and has a runway length of 3992.88 .
webnlg generated text : United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad Airbase in Iraq which has a runway length of 3992.88 .
webnlg reference text : United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad Airbase in Iraq where the length of the runway is 3992.88 .
webnlg generated text : Al Asad Airbase in Iraq is operated by United States Air Force .
webnlg reference text : Al Asad Airbase , found in Iraq , is operated by United States Air Force .
webnlg generated text : Al Asad Airbase is operated by United States Air Force , which was involved in 1986 United States bombing of Libya and uses McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle .
webnlg reference text : Al Asad Airbase is operated by United States Air Force which carried out 1986 United States bombing of Libya and which uses an aircraft fighter called McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle .
webnlg generated text : United States Air Force fought in 1986 United States bombing of Libya .
webnlg reference text : 1986 United States bombing of Libya @ United States Air Force @ 1986 United States bombing of Libya .
webnlg generated text : McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle is an aircraft fighter in United States Air Force who are the operating organisation for Al Asad Airbase and were involved in Invasion of Grenada .
webnlg reference text : McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle is an aircraft fighter in United States Air Force operated Al Asad Airbase and was used during Invasion of Grenada .
webnlg generated text : Al Asad Airbase is operated by United States Air Force .
webnlg reference text : The operating organisation for Al Asad Airbase is United States Air Force .
webnlg generated text : United States Air Force was involved in Invasion of Grenada and uses McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle .
webnlg reference text : United States Air Force were involved in battles at Invasion of Grenada and deploy the aircraft fighter plane known as McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle .
webnlg generated text : Alderney Airport has a runway length of 877.0 and serves Alderney .
webnlg reference text : Alderney Airport , whose runway is 877.0 , serves the city of Alderney .
webnlg generated text : The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney Airport is Poaceae .
webnlg reference text : Alderney Airport surface is Poaceae .
webnlg generated text : Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority headquartered at Jinnah International Airport .
webnlg reference text : Allama Iqbal International Airport located in Pakistan is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority headquartered at Jinnah International Airport .
webnlg generated text : Allama Iqbal International Airport in Pakistan is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority headquartered at Jinnah International Airport .
webnlg reference text : Located in Pakistan , Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority , the headquarters of which is Jinnah International Airport .
webnlg generated text : Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority headquartered at Jinnah International Airport .
webnlg reference text : Located in Pakistan , Allama Iqbal International Airport is governed by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority which has Allama Iqbal International Airport headquarters at Jinnah International Airport .
webnlg generated text : Located in Punjab , Pakistan , Allama Iqbal International Airport has a runway name 18L/36R with a length of 2900.0 .
webnlg reference text : Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab , Pakistan has a runway known as 18L/36R with a length of 2900.0 .
webnlg generated text : The 18L/36R runway at Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan .
webnlg reference text : Allama Iqbal International Airport , whose runway name is 18L/36R is located in Punjab , Pakistan .
webnlg generated text : Allama Iqbal International Airport has a runway length of 2900.0 .
webnlg reference text : Allama Iqbal International Airport length is 2900.0 .
webnlg generated text : Located in Punjab , Pakistan , Allama Iqbal International Airport has a runway name 18L/36R with a length of 2900.0 .
webnlg reference text : Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan , with the runway 's name is 18L/36R , and the length is 2900.0 .
webnlg generated text : With an elevation of 210 metres above sea level , Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpa County , Michigan , in United States .
webnlg reference text : With an elevation of 210 metres above sea level , Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan in United States .
webnlg generated text : With an elevation of 210 metres above sea level , Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpa County , Michigan , in United States .
webnlg reference text : At 210 metres above sea level , Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan in United States .
webnlg generated text : Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpa County , Michigan , United States and is 210 metres above sea level .
webnlg reference text : Alpena County Regional Airport is in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States and is 210 above sea level .
webnlg generated text : Andrews County Airport in Texas is 973.0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773.00 .
webnlg reference text : The runway length at Andrews County Airport ( located in Texas and 973.0 above sea level ) , is 1773.0 .
webnlg generated text : Andrews County Airport in Texas is 973.0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773.00 .
webnlg reference text : Located in Texas , Andrews County Airport , is 973.0 above sea level and has a runway length of 1773.0 .
webnlg generated text : Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and is 973.0 above sea level .
webnlg reference text : Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and is 973.0 metres above sea level .
webnlg generated text : The runway length of Andrews County Airport is 1773.0 .
webnlg reference text : Andrews County Airport runway length is 1773.0 .
webnlg generated text : Andrews County Airport in Texas is 973.0 below sea level and has a runway length of 896.0 .
webnlg reference text : The runway length of Andrews County Airport ( located in Texas and 973.0 above sea level ) is 896.0 .
webnlg generated text : Andrews County Airport in Texas is 973.0 below sea level and has a runway length of 896.0 .
webnlg reference text : Located in Texas , Andrews County Airport is 973.0 above sea level and has a runway length of 896.0 .
webnlg generated text : Andrews County Airport in Texas is 973.0 below sea level and has a runway length of 896.0 .
webnlg reference text : Andrews County Airport which is located in Texas is 973.0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896.0 .
webnlg generated text : Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where Austin , Texas is the capital and English language is spoken .
webnlg reference text : Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , Austin , Texas and the language spoken in Texas is English language .
webnlg generated text : Austin , Texas is the capital of English language speaking Texas , which is the location of Andrews County Airport .
webnlg reference text : Austin , Texas is the capital of Texas , where they speak English language , and Andrews County Airport is located .
webnlg generated text : Texas is located in United States and the inhabitants have the demonym of Tejano .
webnlg reference text : Texas is located in United States , and Texas demonym is Tejano .
webnlg generated text : Andrews County Airport is located in Texas .
webnlg reference text : Andrews County Airport is located in Texas .
webnlg generated text : Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States , where the inhabitants have the demonym Tejano .
webnlg reference text : Andrews County Airport is located in Texas in United States where the inhabitants have the demonym Tejano , .
webnlg generated text : Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States , where the inhabitants have the demonym Tejano .
webnlg reference text : Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States where the inhabitants have the demonym of Tejano .
webnlg generated text : Antwerp International Airport serves Antwerp , a popular tourist destination in German language speaking Belgium .
webnlg reference text : Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp which is in Belgium and one of the spoken languages is German language .
webnlg generated text : Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium .
webnlg reference text : Antwerp , served by Antwerp International Airport , is a popular tourist destination in Belgium .
webnlg generated text : In Belgium one of the languages is German language .
webnlg reference text : German language is spoken in Belgium .
webnlg generated text : Antwerp , a popular tourist destination in German language speaking Belgium , is served by Antwerp International Airport .
webnlg reference text : Antwerp is located in German language speaking part of Belgium and served by Antwerp International Airport .
webnlg generated text : Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , Atlantic County , Newsey , United States .
webnlg reference text : Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , part of Atlantic County , New Jersey in United States .
webnlg generated text : Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , Atlantic County , Newsey , United States .
webnlg reference text : Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States .
webnlg generated text : Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is headquartered at Four World Trade Center and serves New Jersey .
webnlg reference text : Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is headquartered in Four World Trade Center and serves New Jersey .
webnlg generated text : Atlantic City International Airport is operated by Port Authority of New York and New Jersey .
webnlg reference text : Port Authority of New York and New Jersey operates Atlantic City International Airport .
webnlg generated text : Atlantic City International Airport is operated by Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , whose headquarters are at Four World Trade Center and serves New Jersey .
webnlg reference text : Atlantic City International Airport is operated by Port Authority of New York and New Jersey located at Four World Trade Center and serves the New Jersey region .
webnlg generated text : With headquarters at Four World Trade Center , Port Authority of New York and New Jersey operates Atlantic City International Airport and serves the region of New Jersey .
webnlg reference text : Four World Trade Center is the headquarters of Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , which operates Atlantic City International Airport and serves New Jersey .
webnlg generated text : Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States .
webnlg reference text : Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States .
webnlg generated text : The runway length of Atlantic City International Airport is 3048.0 .
webnlg reference text : Atlantic City International Airport runway length is 3048.0 .
webnlg generated text : Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States and has a runway length of 3048.0 .
webnlg reference text : Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States and has a runway length of 3048.0 .
webnlg generated text : Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan .
webnlg reference text : Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Lahore , Pakistan .
webnlg generated text : Anwar Zaheer Jamali is one of the leaders of Pakistan .
webnlg reference text : The leader of Pakistan is Anwar Zaheer Jamali .
webnlg generated text : Lahore , Pakistan is served by Allama Iqbal International Airport and is lead by Anwar Zaheer Jamali .
webnlg reference text : Lahore , Pakistan is served by Allama Iqbal International Airport , and is led by Anwar Zaheer Jamali .
webnlg generated text : Madrid is part of Community of Madrid and is the location of Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport and is lead by Ahora Madrid .
webnlg reference text : The leader party in Madrid ( which is part of Community of Madrid and has Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport ) is Ahora Madrid .
webnlg generated text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , part of Community of Madrid and led by Ahora Madrid .
webnlg reference text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid which is part of Community of Madrid led by Ahora Madrid .
webnlg generated text : Madrid , Spain is the location of Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport and is lead by Ahora Madrid .
webnlg reference text : The leader party in Madrid @ Spain ( in which Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located ) , is called Ahora Madrid .
webnlg generated text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , Spain where the leading party is Ahora Madrid .
webnlg reference text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is found in Madrid , Spain where the leading party is Ahora Madrid .
webnlg generated text : Ahora Madrid is the leading party of Madrid Spain .
webnlg reference text : Ahora Madrid is the leading party of Madrid , Spain .
webnlg generated text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid .
webnlg reference text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is found in Madrid .
webnlg generated text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located at San Sebastián de los Reyes in Spain where the leader party is Peoples Party ( Spain ) .
webnlg reference text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is in San Sebastián de los Reyes ( Spain , where the lead party is Peoples Party ( Spain ) .
webnlg generated text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located at San Sebastián de los Reyes in Spain where the leader party is Peoples Party ( Spain ) .
webnlg reference text : Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is found in San Sebastián de los Reyes ( Spain where the lead party is Peoples Party ( Spain ) .
webnlg generated text : Peoples Party ( Spain ) is the lead party of San Sebastián de los Reyes ( Spain , where Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located .
webnlg reference text : Peoples Party ( Spain ) is the lead party of San Sebastián de los Reyes , Spain where Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located .
webnlg generated text : 103 Colmore Row was designed by John Madin who was born in Birmingham .
webnlg reference text : 103 Colmore Row was designed by John Madin who was born in Birmingham .
webnlg generated text : 103 Colmore Row was designed by John Madin who was born in Birmingham .
webnlg reference text : 103 Colmore Row was designed by Birmingham born architect John Madin .
webnlg generated text : 103 Colmore Row was designed by John Madin who was born in Birmingham .
webnlg reference text : 103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect , John Madin from Birmingham .
webnlg generated text : 200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio where Frank G. Jackson is a leader .
webnlg reference text : 200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , part of Cuyahoga County , Ohio which is led by Frank G. Jackson .
webnlg generated text : 200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio .
webnlg reference text : 200 Public Square is in Cleveland which is part of Cuyahoga County , Ohio .
webnlg generated text : Frank G. Jackson is a leader in Cleveland .
webnlg reference text : The leader in Cleveland is Frank G. Jackson .
webnlg generated text : Frank G. Jackson is a leader in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio where 200 Public Square is located .
webnlg reference text : Frank G. Jackson leads Cleveland , part of Cuyahoga County , Ohio where 200 Public Square is located .
webnlg generated text : 250 Delaware Avenue in United States has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 ( square metres ) .
webnlg reference text : 250 Delaware Avenue in United States has 12 floors that cover 30843.8 ( square metres ) .
webnlg generated text : 250 Delaware Avenue in United States has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 ( square metres ) .
webnlg reference text : 250 Delaware Avenue in United States has 12 floors with a total floor area of 30843.8 ( square metres ) .
webnlg generated text : 250 Delaware Avenue is located in United States .
webnlg reference text : 250 Delaware Avenue is located in United States .
webnlg generated text : 250 Delaware Avenue has a floor area of 30843.8 ( square metres ) and has 12 floors .
webnlg reference text : 250 Delaware Avenue has a floor area of 30843.8 ( square metres ) and a floor count of 12 .
webnlg generated text : 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , DuPage County , Illinois where Rahm Emanuel is a leader .
webnlg reference text : 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , DuPage County , Illinois , where Rahm Emanuel is the leader .
webnlg generated text : 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , DuPage County , Illinois where Rahm Emanuel is a leader .
webnlg reference text : 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , part of DuPage County , Illinois where Rahm Emanuel is a leader .
webnlg generated text : Rahm Emanuel is a leader in Chicago , DuPage County , Illinois where 300 North LaSalle is located .
webnlg reference text : Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago , which is a part of DuPage County , Illinois and the location of 300 North LaSalle .
webnlg generated text : George Winkler , United States , was the architect of 320 South Boston Building , which has 22 floors .
webnlg reference text : George Winkler , United States , is the architect of the 22 floor 320 South Boston Building .
webnlg generated text : The United States architect George Winkler designed 320 South Boston Building .
webnlg reference text : George Winkler from United States was the architect of 320 South Boston Building .
webnlg generated text : 320 South Boston Building has 22 floors .
webnlg reference text : 320 South Boston Building has 22 floors .
webnlg generated text : HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena which was completed in December 2008 and is located on North Wall Quay .
webnlg reference text : HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena which was completed in December 2008 and located on North Wall Quay .
webnlg generated text : HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena at North Wall Quay , which was completed in December 2008 .
webnlg reference text : Arcitect HOK SVE , completed 3Arena on North Wall Quay in December 2008 .
webnlg generated text : AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen has 23 floors and is located in Denmark .
webnlg reference text : AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen has 23 floors and is located in Denmark .
webnlg generated text : Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which has 23 floors and is located in Denmark .
webnlg reference text : AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , whose tenant is Marriott International , has 23 floors and is located in Denmark .
webnlg generated text : AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen has 23 floors , was designed by 3XN and is tenanted by the Marriott International .
webnlg reference text : The tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , which has 23 floors and was designed by 3XN , is Marriott International .
webnlg generated text : Marriott International was the architect of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which has 23 floors .
webnlg reference text : Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , that was designed by the architects of 3XN and has 23 floors .
webnlg generated text : Augustus Pugin ( born in Bloomsbury ) was the architect of Adare Manor .
webnlg reference text : Augustus Pugin who was born in Bloomsbury is the architect of Adare Manor .
webnlg generated text : One of Augustus Pugin significant buildings is Palace of Westminster .
webnlg reference text : Another of Augustus Pugin significant buildings is Palace of Westminster .
webnlg generated text : Augustus Pugin ( born in Bloomsbury ) was the architect of Adare Manor and Palace of Westminster .
webnlg reference text : Augustus Pugin , born in Bloomsbury , designed Adare Manor and Palace of Westminster .
webnlg generated text : Philip Charles Hardwick was the architect of Adare Manor which was completed in 1862 .
webnlg reference text : Adare Manor was designed by architect Philip Charles Hardwick and construction finished in 1862 .
webnlg generated text : J. P. McManus owns Adare Manor .
webnlg reference text : Adare Manor is owned by J. P. McManus .
webnlg generated text : Philip Charles Hardwick was the architect of Adare Manor which was completed in 1862 .
webnlg reference text : Adare Manor architect was Philip Charles Hardwick and Adare Manor was completed in 1862 .
webnlg generated text : J. P. McManus owns Adare Manor .
webnlg reference text : J. P. McManus owns Adare Manor .
webnlg generated text : Philip Charles Hardwick was the architect of Adare Manor which was completed in 1862 and is owned by J. P. McManus .
webnlg reference text : Designed by architect Philip Charles Hardwick , Adare Manor was completed in 1862 and is now owned by J. P. McManus .
webnlg generated text : Adisham Hall , Haputale , was built in Tudor and Jacabian style and completed in 1931 .
webnlg reference text : Adisham Hall is located in Haputale and was completed in the Tudor and Jacabian style in 1931 .
webnlg generated text : In the Tudor and Jacabian style , Adisham Hall was completed in 1931 and is located in Haputale .
webnlg reference text : Adisham Hall , in the Tudor and Jacabian architectural style , completed in 1931 and located in Haputale .
webnlg generated text : Adisham Hall in Haputale was finished in 1931 and has the architectural style of Tudor and Jacabian .
webnlg reference text : Adisham Hall in Haputale was finished in 1931 in the Tudor and Jacabian style .
webnlg generated text : Adisham Hall , completed in 1931 , is located in Sri Lanka and has the architectural style of Tudor and Jacabian .
webnlg reference text : Adisham Hall , which was finished in 1931 , is located in Sri Lanka and has an architectural style known as Tudor and Jacabian .
webnlg generated text : Adisham Hall , Sri Lanka , was completed in 1931 and has architectural style Tudor and Jacabian .
webnlg reference text : Adisham Hall , Sri Lanka was finished in 1931 and is in the architectural style of Tudor and Jacabian .
webnlg generated text : Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka , whose leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe .
webnlg reference text : Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka where the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe .
webnlg generated text : Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka , whose leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe .
webnlg reference text : Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka , whose leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe .
webnlg generated text : Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka , where the currency is Sri Lankan rupee .
webnlg reference text : Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka , whose currency is Sri Lankan rupee .
webnlg generated text : Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka .
webnlg reference text : Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka .
webnlg generated text : Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka , where the currency is Sri Lankan rupee and Adisham Hall is located .
webnlg reference text : Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka , which uses Sri Lankan rupee as Sri Lanka currency and is the location of Adisham Hall .
webnlg generated text : Alan B. Miller Hall was begun on 30 March 2007 and currently hosts United States Mason School of Business .
webnlg reference text : Alan B. Miller Hall was started on 30 March 2007 and has Mason School of Business in United States as a tenant .
webnlg generated text : The building of Alan B. Miller Hall began on 30 March 2007 .
webnlg reference text : Alan B. Miller Hall building opened in 30 March 2007 .
webnlg generated text : Mason School of Business is the current tenant of Alan B. Miller Hall in United States .
webnlg reference text : Mason School of Business in United States are the current tenants of Alan B. Miller Hall .
webnlg generated text : Julia Morgan , born in San Francisco , designed Asilomar Conference Grounds and Riverside Art Museum .
webnlg reference text : Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and is the architect of the grounds of Asilomar Conference Grounds at Riverside Art Museum .
webnlg generated text : Julia Morgan , born in San Francisco , designed Asilomar Conference Grounds and Riverside Art Museum .
webnlg reference text : San Francisco born Julia Morgan was the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds and Julia Morgan also designed other significant buildings including Riverside Art Museum .
webnlg generated text : Julia Morgan , born in San Francisco , designed Riverside Art Museum and Asilomar Conference Grounds .
webnlg reference text : Julia Morgan , born in San Francisco , designed the significant Riverside Art Museum and Asilomar Conference Grounds .
webnlg generated text : Julia Morgan , born in California , is the architect behind Chinatown , San Francisco and Asilomar Conference Grounds .
webnlg reference text : Julia Morgan who was born in California , is the architect behind Chinatown , San Francisco and designed Asilomar Conference Grounds .
webnlg generated text : Julia Morgan , born in California , designed Asilomar Conference Grounds and Chinatown , San Francisco .
webnlg reference text : Julia Morgan , who was born in California , was the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds and designed many significant buildings in Chinatown , San Francisco .
webnlg generated text : Julia Morgan , born in California , is the architect behind Chinatown , San Francisco and Asilomar Conference Grounds .
webnlg reference text : California born Julia Morgan designed significant buildings in Chinatown , San Francisco and also Asilomar Conference Grounds .
webnlg generated text : Asilomar Conference Grounds is located on Asilomars Blvd . , Pacific Grove , California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1987 - 02 - 27 with the reference number 87000823 .
webnlg reference text : Asilomar Conference Grounds , located at Asilomar Blvd . , Pacific Grove , California was added to the National Register of Historis Places 1987 - 02 - 27 and has the reference number 87000823 .
webnlg generated text : Asilomar Conference Grounds is located on Asilomars Blvd . , Pacific Grove , California and has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places , on 1987 - 02 - 27 .
webnlg reference text : Asilomar Conference Grounds are located at Asilomar Blvd . , Pacific Grove , California and given the reference of 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places on 1987 - 02 - 27 .
webnlg generated text : Asser Levy Public Baths , constructed in 1904 , is located in Avenue A ( Manhattan ) .
webnlg reference text : Asser Levy Public Baths were built in 1904 at Avenue A ( Manhattan ) .
webnlg generated text : Asser Levy Public Baths was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
webnlg reference text : Asser Levy Public Baths were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
webnlg generated text : Asser Levy Public Baths , constructed in 1904 , is located in Avenue A ( Manhattan ) .
webnlg reference text : Asser Levy Public Baths were constructed in 1904 at Avenue A ( Manhattan ) .
webnlg generated text : Asser Levy Public Baths was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
webnlg reference text : Asser Levy Public Baths were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
webnlg generated text : Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Avenue A ( Manhattan ) , was built in 1904 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
webnlg reference text : Asser Levy Public Baths in Avenue A ( Manhattan ) was constructed in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
webnlg generated text : Asser Levy Public Baths constructed in 1904 are located in New York City .
webnlg reference text : Asser Levy Public Baths was built in 1904 and are in New York City .
webnlg generated text : Asser Levy Public Baths was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
webnlg reference text : Asser Levy Public Baths were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
webnlg generated text : Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , were constructed in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
webnlg reference text : Asser Levy Public Baths in New York City were built in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
webnlg generated text : Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , were constructed in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
webnlg reference text : Asser Levy Public Baths located in New York City were constructed in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
webnlg generated text : Birmingham is lead by Conservative Party ( UK ) and is the home town of John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row .
webnlg reference text : The leader of Birmingham is Conservative Party ( UK ) , Birmingham is the home town of John Madin who was the architect that designed 103 Colmore Row .
webnlg generated text : Liberal Democrats lead Birmingham , home town of John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row .
webnlg reference text : Birmingham is led by the Liberal Democrats and is the birthplace of the architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row .
webnlg generated text : John Madin was born in Birmingham ( led by Liberal Democrats ) and designed 103 Colmore Row .
webnlg reference text : Architect John Madin , born in Birmingham ( led by Liberal Democrats ) , designed 103 Colmore Row .
webnlg generated text : 103 Colmore Row was designed by John Madin who was born in Birmingham where Liberal Democrats are the leaders .
webnlg reference text : John Madin , designer of 103 Colmore Row , was born in Birmingham , currently led by Liberal Democrats .
webnlg generated text : Ethiopia is lead by Hailemariam Desalegn and is the location of Addis Ababa City Hall and Ethiopia Stadium .
webnlg reference text : The leader of Ethiopia is Hailemariam Desalegn and Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa located in Ethiopia .
webnlg generated text : Addis Ababa City Hall is located in the country of Ethiopia which is lead by Hailemariam Desalegn .
webnlg reference text : Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia , which is led by Hailemariam Desalegn .
webnlg generated text : Anandiben Patel is the leader of Gujarat , the location of Amdavad ni Gufa in Ahmedabad .
webnlg reference text : Anandiben Patel is the leader of Gujarat , the location of Amdavad ni Gufa in Ahmedabad .
webnlg generated text : Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , Gujarat .
webnlg reference text : Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , Gujarat .
webnlg generated text : Anandiben Patel is the leader of Gujarat .
webnlg reference text : The leader of Gujarat was Anandiben Patel .
webnlg generated text : Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , Gujarat .
webnlg reference text : Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , Gujarat .
webnlg generated text : Anandiben Patel is the leader of Gujarat .
webnlg reference text : The leader of Gujarat is Anandiben Patel .
webnlg generated text : Bill Marriott is a key person at Marriott International which is located in Bethesda , Maryland and is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen .
webnlg reference text : Bill Marriott is one of the key people at Marriott International based in Bethesda , Maryland and which is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen .
webnlg generated text : Bill Marriott is a key person at Marriott International which is located in Bethesda , Maryland and is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen .
webnlg reference text : Marriott International , where Bill Marriott is one of the key people , is located in Bethesda , Maryland and is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen .
